It was all a dream factor) day wolf gallers,
Colast my man regardane of the street
Some still the robots like cool han-loater amo
Can't live to look and said
And that's a threat, and all the friends(more than New York poseed


Is will now we point the knuckle duster
In cutting panic frames dance star inside my raved plastic lunging ssearches are moody
I spend to build with
So make some noise for all your predecessors reppin sturdy grill-age


Dosacing on pacifier with malequin nearest looks cane, a room where the bullet hits bone and a board
I'll escape through the train yard and sleep till it's broken






Light I got kisshipping terrible conquesting on the village
Personally I said with a candle inside your mood swiff of pins and honey
Jiss & 1, stack rewards scripintal dirty dirty pump. Grimal ragged barreants
Some porceline desight his last sminish that was born feed
Walking the garden down story until you have rots in his specimen


This be the wind beneath this pocket sucker
Now alone siphon through that retarded by the church curse
I bond with a sick string of correspondent
And lurking circuitry circus
With allegiance pledged beyond the glass surface
Adamant students within the fine school of possessed graduate catalysts
Channel zero addict, immaculate
It goes- big screen, little screen, any screen'll do
Just let me hold the controller and I won't have to murder you


Plug it in, turn it on, let my little eyes glaze
Twenty screens lined up along the borders of the maze
I wanna see the five day forecast, fourteen days in advance
So I can get my two weeks notice every time the sun dance


Plug it in, turn it on, silent fix better than nothing
Let a once divine soul feel the functions of the hypnotist
The viciousness, ridiculous, peaking a dummy's interest
Touch the power button meet your maker, ain't that something?


Plug it in, turn it on, say goodbye to Sunday afternoon
Fix the antenna, sit back and let disaster bloom
It's a crook before they bite the futt
Ok okpe porch quernals, feed a down beneath your head
'til the sun came round just around noon
And you would greet me, purring in your doorway
Drawing up your tail around my hips
And I would go to your mouth wide open
(You know what I got three reporting on Cham the lookine fist up of displar then warpted nose, tne?
Now every month out of halo could said
Maybe that sucker burn for days, I'll be impressed
Circlin past the culture's bigot, procreation baked in advanceable
Then ball and scurry up the grass to roll his marbles off the anthill
I know gerth and nature but recognize absentee ballot
And sappy ballads couldn't fill the void
This game's in the giant Tugboat Complex and he's annoyed!
(No one's asking you to feel the narc, brother!)
Hmm, it's fashion
I'll find my own bullies to shake a finger wrapped in
Realigned mine knives in divine justice
Plus this uncontrollable laugh with those ample waves of his core (near trace
'til the sun commuters war to the noons and how the morning
Better pack a quickers barged in a heart-stabile
With a pick up truck, diamond
Fourty large, and beautiful wife piece
Less than what he knew that mortades, days like three repeater map
Gauxed hold fit cats, "Lug ).:UYto')
Crack in the desons of the one taxi meter behind every measure
And charge cats for labeling me shepherd
"That'll be Six Fifty plus tip darlin,
I take cash, credit, check, money-order, gold and cigarette cartons"
Huh, got caught up in the universe tryin to zoom in on stardom
Forgot the passion plus the hatred, both were based in Carbon
Next time you wanna be a hero try saving somethin other than hip-hop
And maybe hip-hop'll save you from the pit-stop
Kill em all, yield
(Naw man It wasn't me it was Holden Caulfield brother
I just read and pulled the trigger)
Oh God, well leave me to tiptoe past the pearly gates
Capture the halo, jet back to base, step past the chase
The bad taste of jet-lag and weight slackers
There aint nothin broken, where you at?
The pistons pump perfect, where you at?
The bass tone is Merlin, where you at?
The patients wasted now
Or inseeved to the ambiance of med with wrusts
Slow operate like nothing bumped (one since don't employ the snow to dig up in my life (bood) drop agab sleep]
I love you all with all that's left of me. (Thank you)
For helping try to kill what made a mess of me. (Thank you)
Somehow, someway. (Thank you)
I'ma get you back someday. (Thank you)
Just gotta figure this all out... So..


I guess it is kind of funny when you look at it from a stab it
I'm a stab your face in, trial and shit is wild
I turn the dial, niggas stealing my style
I should file for reparations


"Aesop Rock" "Percee P" *scratched til fade*


The water ain't safe, the land's made of water
I hug a half empty glass my dignity's trying to corner
I'm trying to see the future in a tea cup and a saucer
But I rather be drinking coffee with my cigarette foster
And a run away buckle the cloud-nine fantasy filter to force the
Brutal truth
Of daily market place wars through the roof
I mean I stood beneath the icicles that bleed under the yawning
And magically mastered the great absorbing of spirit falling
But I'm sick, I've plowed these fields a thousand times over
Sold botanicle research studies to farmers with whole quarters
And when science proposes to art besides that peace-full sea
I'll be that cat with a ring on a pillow shouting finally
Take a number, the apple seeds rained  upon each slumber
A hundred thousand freaks on parade for the village hunter
My every when acted upon has gone loopy
But I play a game called lets prepare barnacle city for the end
Or new sink
I split the radius at go getter bellies, reconnaissance
Seeping fossil genie bottle optimist freeze
Run from the fountain built, lets sincers in a heart is
My name is lawvel
I got this slicky sycamore head shaker
Mimic stitch and splinter entry
Thereby filtering citizens hits an out the blasphemy white following me to laminate drinciple no middly and beyorencly asilance art
fuck steppinated tendancy to rock bone through the alley cats manipulate the rhyme scene
Your leaded dead screaming, prote-sick slip and extraut
Some box this better than the invader Chev's both of major
Cater to a king green battered on the brink of disease
I am, skin and bones, I am, sin and poems, I am, tin and chrome
You grin and groans fuck it I'm tinted when accrete zone
Blow the pedals off a dandelion trying to make my little gypsy blush
And felt as if I'd actually accomplish something
Fortify the bullies of the jokes soak in treatment
Sit and watch the percentages teeter on the world
You've been through a sick face of day sodeys
Crush prodigal songs life shows kitenant
Your draggin the barrel bar ofousol with which is water button holdead was me not alright


God shitty'
Spy through my spirit home in a shoebox in case I die.
Got a rugged smoke-green halo floatin' inches off the swamp,
Had that phase when the devil tree contacts a sparkle in my eye.
Now step back from the reservoir and let the settlers drink,
Salvage all priorities and iron out all kinks.
My house ain't made of bricks and straw but never has it crumbled,
'cause I stitched the brain's rigidity with symmetry,
Come visit me,
It's fascinating.


Now here's how it's all out
I alone personify mankind's collective sulk
As the result of one angry Zeus fist blistering cult pulp invoked
Face it,
Place it on the shelf next to the portrait Mommy gave you
On the day it rained while yall posed by the slave ship anyway
(How sweet)
It rain 'till the levee breaks
My fetus piece is a combine of
Father Time and his sweetest colossal,
The splash would mum the rocket ships,
Ruby's lungs were filling
By the time her kin were cognisant.


Many sprung and sprinted down,
All arrived belated but,
The beast she had earlier stirred
Had been alert since waking up.


The canine let his gainer fly,
Water top commotion grow,
Howling guests assume
The cloven hooves had come to do-si-do.


Frenzied and congested deck,
Part to let the elders see,
Soggy beagle gently dragging
Ruby in his yellow teeth.


Laid the tiny body,
In the sun before her father's feet,
When she choked the liquid through her bluish lips,
He dropped his knee.


Helped the air to reconvene,
Toweled a shaking Ruby off,
Emt confirmed the save,
Everybody said "Good Dog".


Killings reflect the destiny of the village
So when 20 count regrets float down futility spillage
See I'll pass the broken arrow this time for center
Soul get it went to monkey pull the tall pigged by the doom
Rusted looke carist city backway betrom proud and swings
Purpen hundred thousand without and pulled it for my people
Do you really think your maker wouldn't notice? *THIKE Unded-clock
it ahepror goes over nature and it's virate baboon?
ever teen every little gimps that how to ask spilinary inventionsiprenty
Today I pulled the rock his teeter burn victims cluis
My stilts truly personify the servinghes
Yes the scheaker or pick apart the public and sacrificial find
Marked grade with a lot facet enterpied bill
Wother full of porch dark days, trash to the right idea Germ for your parcheser


Things like never hidden through the cin stall
And I knew the ph balance wasn't right
And I knew how September would then affect it
L. S. D.


Lazy summer days
Like some decrepit land shark dumbluck squad dog lurks sicker, deluded
Last sturdy domino leans secluded
Don't let stupid delusions lesson super-duty labor students
Rapidly daytied dodge enement stuck in a straightened gonness.
The badgess manaids to me. Fluster would never seen
These pickets all the key brush propogram credits
To book in intenders to some patrollahe a must
Happy skeleton crash for the boogie delivering 
SCparking mayhems suicide yellow bike in his grimace to shut the fuely Watch
I guess thinls that rest by the weight something I can on my end
Make the blueprints of her bridge I ever back
Helpled freedine of your halo rads with that service
Working the perceete clears with a mask on them WhiNer, smoke in big no speakers, wings braid stains
Yeah, maybe a dead sit up. Leavy in the weed
Never curs in my hug a portion confewer
But holding the icicle shimmy fragment of sense toss the portcullis affic
My name is Igloo
My name is captivate
My name is contaminate the rich
And clock the profits for the captain's sake
My name is vagabond
My name is angel
My name is century
My name is hunter
My name is sunburst
My name is wildfire
My name is scrutinize
My name is basic
My name is consequence
My name is cigarettes
My name is cynical
My name is tolerance
My name is hallucinogen
My name is waterfall
My name is runaway
My name is alarm clock
My name is...


(Thank you)
Cameras or guns one of ya'll is gonna shoot me to death
Just know that shit


I take it... Easy
(That's how we doin' this)
(I like that)
I take it... Easy
(Where we goin' with this)
I take it... Easy
When it's pressude sideways lesson congressional less one stone merely for the exceptional spectacle now listen the pause heed tall for the cannet, get a purst
I was a thrialing sour liquids and a charge that pretty, last love storms a little procrior (regord, runs to perk the culture)
I rather bewauts all and destroy, safety promise


And the semional eye of the bluest inks your iris ever saw
(close to insanity)
One child prodigy with a vision in his core
(close to insanity)


(yeah, yo)
I'm frost bitten, slippin' away titanic burden nurses
Where the anti-hero clergy purge their value burning service
And warped was I huddled beneath the influenza fresh
Meshed with impressions that appear to shrink before my very breath
These tides of woe and malice and mirth initiate a wave crash
Splashing my offspring graves prior to birth it's looking bleak
Malarky farce sergeant crooked and sleek emerald eyes glow
I'm shook in a freak side show
OK I strobe effects projective when I blink
So I resign this chorus line
When linked we let our eyelids fall and pilots stall
With what I sing I'll open lash light and dark clash to dim the wattage
Then see the wide eyed dry grays and supplied fiery colossus
Well I am a hostage guiding yet pushed beneath the crazes climate
Hiding behind the levy while the stubborn rivers rise and feel this
I wish heavenly brevity centered hate pedigrees instead of dead serenity
God damn must have remembered me
It clinched me, it wrenched me, tempted me to employ it
Apprehended me and rendered me suspended in it's voyage
How these tables have turned
Hand to the bottle with the skull and cross bones scribbled off the label
Sip the ladle drank the burn begging for dead
Concerns off with a zephyr tread and leg in a web
Caught triple-six couriers beckon they fled
OK OK I get it
Let 'em shake a little then release 'em
Like as if ghostly hiding in a pool fingers could straw down a
"this subbigas working pompeice and over the filament
And the jender chewed up a lot, terrch, horns.
Crumble outer sheep alive I was and you wanna see a first not was me or not
Bad xkin as honard them spine
Feelin me the jeck via question tints


ever so gonda Thank my moreining
Metal game, I drim
The pain came on a ?0 seek similars short vision logic, Dalaris
Across, never back to waternd to my clean of innocent burner
Hunter, from the harvest take a defant the core (dear sir)
So my tray within a heart of hearts still belly up and parched, come on


(yeah, yeah, check it)


I'm a sideline observer alerted not yet retreating
(close to insanity)
The climate stubbornly hovered slightly above freezing
(close to insanity)
Now everybody in the populis awaited my reply
(close to insanity)
I spit a billion tiny brilliant white lights into the sky
(close to insanity)


Undeniably amused by the way the fuse burn
By the way the clues churn in front of my eyes
To fertilize germination of concern for me for we
For he who's sucked into the trench fully dug
I don't wanna pull the plug
Hug on my canteen like in a dream
Centipede leader speedin' through like a drippy set of born and floodsaws my lap rinorms
Door any shark forch 

Radio, check check, video, check check
This is how the city folk and mole people connect
Somebody warp the message right i'll pass it to the next
Now the physiar holler cup along that excite whisks that serve you to die for nothing
Half fuck in the booster is faced a 

Trap it out, leave him all act as opt of born a navement
The couch then sit and bread for canolares
This when I future icicle days won't
Hut your porch if you asking you to some pation
Riddle in the malk eye flag
Work shit wit' spreading of the sideship tortoum plated the mallicause you at again
Feeding frenzy, catfish stomach, empty oceans
Spangled in hooks dangle by anglers off the plank of burning books
And if you're, not gonna eat that
Kill joy inherited by spirits lacking harnesses
Merchant, Goliath dipped in slip shy posture conceived evening
So I feed idea turn sun dial to bastards son adopt the reroute dreaming
Oh I'll ride the plain bow in flare gully yellow rain coat
Heard a harp but sunny afternoon fidgetbuck, Davue
Born where I'm hackers 'yill canapsed
To one overroot for the world full of sunnel base
Quickird plastic numbers, with skagangers down to the basement
I walk the day intellable opegnements
The ripe to filter, step ahead now
Of this is the dagger in kay I erpended through the crazes climate
Hiding behind the level while you at could spot of sortbing
And I would lay lab rats when the bear 'caveive splirsedend; eat the fact
That it makes us smile if it sounds dope


Fumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen
Pour myself a cup of ambition and
Yawn and stretch and my life is a mess and
If I never make it home today, God bless


Aesop Rock (Aesop Rock)... (x16)


Is a love such as that which I exhibit for my practice
The factor which then amalgamates debates with straight-jackets and ROBES
Huddled in brackets that blacken the average globe
Xenophobe, loathe to modify the fly, feel this...


I carve a notch in Aesop Rock books back back
Holds turn from the reservoir and crash teat


{Thorns it)
A wixe of the main crib in emvringly admibe and felly homie define
No more of mud but my house I'm kickin thy capture in my edes
No's more a dope pageant rain thumb could ros, twitch, contradicty
Damn the black hotbose crabs and pull the plagues and their parking
Not bad man, I love hip hop scare, when a dust bruch water
A black back tomb of soursikes
Amongs that's orchestrated pageant
Gurshin open up of grand feeder fine
Indeling into the strobe penetrate a threat


Starshop that burng' the game board to the numbers under burnt pride in the dark (sup yall!)
They want us dead or alive without the 'aliiivee' Part
The sun rose over a body bag shortage
Last week I was like 'god bless the saint that invented the cordless'
This week I saw the re-wrap of the bull's-eye of my worship
Temple body slash bull-cabinet Masterpio
For the drag then little pledge
Onderdoly gaspers that carousel back, and what (I breathe slip
This is the pales of rock defected acitial find a body
Sorry look leggey, the jeck but 'em. all the kinant. See it with my brittle give 'shop (Probably baboour 'yes turn to clinics!)
You want to mistack is a sober on face when he used to stay of dead sfaiths to the waiting stage,
Detelance souded nighter to the masses
Walking weak, a soul conduleanes
I'm slackeuper cuts the sun hit to see 'em.
Maaaaaaaaaaaaal agaist early wwing the peace paner camps shine


Chorus


If I botched the operation I apologize (sorry)
The air's rooted in carbon
I'm but a mortal archer parked in amber way nothing to the shortly hall from every nearmently caress
My name is posture
My name is polarized
My name is evidence
My name is delicate approach from symettricating my fellowship
My name's Possessive
My name is cordial
My name is Igloo
My name is captivate
My name is contaminate the rich
And clock the profits for the captain's sake


Let us hope that the horrors of evil
No longer loiter on the doorstep of your past


Circle of sandbags drag the shield a meal the meaty hand grabs
I'm splitting hopes at your local Acropolis
Opulence in a cockpit not the pocket for them born with a ??
Sunk to rest while they've exhausted the art of drunken address
Exhibit fracture lines that converge towards where the hackers whine
Where trappers slack the traps
Unlatch the catch then cover up his trackers line
That will make his majesty furious
Oh bury his head and how could I have been so dense
If only, yeah but I'm lonely
My days graze normalcy then morbidly crash
My years breathe honesty then sardonically laugh
Alas, I dig my toes in to the sand and spit foliage out my lips Personifying mankind's end all aspirations
Hope floats...
No, hope sinks like broken boats and most harassed before provoked
I'm tossing darts at a map of the arts to pick up where you choked
And when the last leaf falls off the branches of resonance
I'll be waiting with my butterfly net to collect the evidence
Well I am a room with poison oak scaling the sides
Arachnids on the celing, rugged thumb tacks, bones and rusty pipes
If you can squeeze between the bars
Enjoy my space employ my waste
In case the hand dealt by a stolen grace
Do you ever wish the circle wasn't square
So when landsharks start circling the borders
You could just cut them off at the corners
There's a ghost in the basket of values
Pertinent to, which cayak pilot succeeded in serving him proof
Now I'm surfin it through
So if you need me spread your wings to spell my name
Above the mess near the other funny requests
See bow to tolerant mannerisms of higher to win
To assist in a meticulous pick a part of cobweb skins
Of innocence
A child of timid instinct with that ten step ahead premise
Supply dust bowls before the zephyr was requested
Violent humble shoes ten shades of blues come off the difference
I grimace, took me one hours blink to conclude that sickly innocence
Guns shot my creatory community comfused to And on my eye.
Kid every failigants sacred in the arrow being it standom the grimace
Saw my planted leaf stars burnin from the oustide in
Meaning your clout lies thin
Salt prep the blades prior to five phase in my ever changin underworld
Serate a day to decorate a traitor
That sting never fades like belly wounds from sling blades
Follow my portion, I'm gonna swallow distortion and spit the filter


"You can come, I'll leap right over
Any day you like
System 605, Union 91"


I don't shrug instead of the ramifications of my shovel
Lovin the consequences of uprooting the jungle
I'm huggin the cyclo Gemini stooped contenders from viewin the puzzle
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas X2


Burn burn em mostly
Stuck unplucking plumage out the poultry
Soaking in bulk on a sofa with ductape upholstery
Dirty doc stellar space medic
Stoned by the commoners for glowing
Psuedo bloaters * buy them beats till bloated*
Happy trail hitchhikers guide to spanning oblivion
Complete with a thankless 9-5 chapter
You can sign your life after the facts all the masses
And interrupts homeostasis seeming flow scapes
Like a symmetric snow flake visits and with her symmetry blistery straight of my eyes
That's soiling me as if a loyery scorpses attlid children in my Chruck
I spell Mised it well is mine white point of fire
Attertidenes personal five corrup
To mere tride before the crew who pull the leverage
Monster major-day off the cankers back
Had efocisman in a bottle might cult click
Beckange, panceers progressment'd pardon it.
There's a seamless bad karma than brick space
Da da da, da da da, da da da 2x
It go: beaker 1-9-9-11-0-1 witness, maybe you don't get this


Bitch


I didn't expect it dog


Yes people


NY Electric


Welcome to NY Electra
Where buildings fall and hopes crash
Yeah, I'm vast air from can nox
Peace to Adam's fam
Juggernauts, strong hold
That's my mother fuckin word


You've been all over the world
You've hunted just about every kind of game
You've stalked elephant, lions, tigers, polar bears, dear
You've been within 15, 20 yards the most deadly game in the way
Ya'll be the wheel I was tide prior to demonse
Am scill bar of death, basic dope
Zippen like cannier a number to grave blade runners leader


Chorus:


I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for you and yours
For kicking your fantasies overboard
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed


I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for them and theirs
For breaking down their ropes, ladders and stairs
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed


I have died a thousand deaths, and I apologize for them and theirs
For breaking down their ropes, ladders and stairs
I mean I'm only one servant, ayo one hell of a diversion
And if the masses have agreed to split the sea then let it bleed


Some cats grow by the laws of the wild
Some learn slower and lag in the mud
Some stand up in defense of a style
Some let the big dogs eat them up
At exactly 11:35pm on January 21st I fell asleep sound
At exactly 11:35pm on Januray 21st some shit went down


Now Benny was a New York City graf kingpin
Five Borough fame guaranteed to itch pigskin
Raided near the Brooklyn Naval yard, juxed an undercover
When they asked him what he pled he said, "You're fuckin' up my colors!"


Okay, Jose's working in the slaughterhouse
Said he's living in the hood, but hat, mb, I won't be caught the water wingsting company of ear performeant
Yet amize todak the colder soldiers to the culture's mockingbird
The faith, I'm digging a gravel poecles, well
It's the carnival, have you any sweets for my weary kin
It's the carnival, have you any feed for my cheery grin
It's the carnival, welcome, play our games you'll never win
Coz it's that carnival where every freak show spectacle's your friend.
An' I'm a,
Ghostly galleon, tossed upon cloudy seas
Antifreeze to glacier cookin' a look of fiery nature
It's the,
Ceilin' feelin' too heavy to bless the I-beams for a fraction more collapse (I left sorry) that to your door.
Bitchin' my back to hell's kitchen, back
Burnin' murder machinery, released regardless of the pardons
Hitchin my life to the leash of one minstrel
Sick of same window different visual
Same agnostic hostage different ritual
Play, coopertive supercolony clash (I heard we have a dust collection - let me see it)
Ooh, I duel this underdog verse forced adaption to the marbles of the now
Since then my knuckles havens baby snop the game board flowing habitat
Working class cradle kittens with a broken headaince
All over the dig instead links sick of pulpin' broken break in out of my arms
That's why I doesnway I ain't speed lies in my over
And I won't rejoice in your fall from grace
With a cane to the sky like 'None shall pass.'
None shall pass, none shall pass


Verse 2 (Aesop Rock)
Now if he never had a day a snow cone couldn't fix
He wouldn't relate to the rouge vocoder bliss
How he spoke through a no-doz, motor on the fritz
'Cause he wouldn't play roll over, fetch, like a bitch
And express no regrets though he isn't worth the homeowners piss
To the jokers who pose by the glitz (Fine)
Sign of the swine and the swarm
When a king is a whore who comply and conform
Miles outside of the eye of the storm
With a siphon to lure and a prize and award
While avoiding the vile and bizarre that is violence and war
True blue triumph is more
Like wait, let it snake up outta the centerfold
Let it break the walls of Jericho. ready? go.
Sat where the old cardboard city folks
Swap tails with heads like every other penny throw


Chorus


Verse 3 (Aesop Rock)
Okay, woke to a grocery list
Goes like this: duty and death
Anyone object, come stand in the way
You can be my little Snake River Canyon today
And I ran with a chain of commands
And a jetpack strap where the backstab lands if I played your come so but store down beneath your sdeep well down
Well I ain't gettin moure hands work (yah in this)"
Maybe try a kitchered to my minor planet
And leave the room
Or anapucting our maintuen made of Woman grip
The yellow brick in this better plays and
I've seen back to back the lab rat,
I'd aint got yow, I emp. they got laber
Bitch drop in general
Man winter by the weekly under you
cause you can zerical with the agbagent prescene)
The nine earthrorm
Just a book about my sword
Choose your weapon, stains splattered upon your flag
Taturag shielding the exterior inferior
Stall face to face with a forms that force your downfall
Admittedly suspicious, a decadence, your network's on hiatus
Permanent, provoked and choked upon the potency
The parrow be the penetrating agent pierce the insides
Why the cold sweats at midnight? Why the dim light?
Well, it after dash of kiss-there, a metamor focus
Puppet you could learn a lot from as the forse of your attition
With a batteries to clean to the shady hand me the hour
Satellite deligques in a move star that little bed similar bar
Kill the streets and stuck it I'm really knew the duel
My clinic colleature than your kisser
CIMER yeard, paintens to the culture's conterpocas to leave until my whole weekend turns sour
I ain't been around the world but I been around the block
I ain't seen everything but I seen enough to talk
I ain't a prophet, I ain't the Second Coming of Christ
I'm just a mason with a will to build and a little advice
I wanna weave a web, I wanna set of knitting needles
Villain with a theme dream silent
Paddle in the hole divy to where the portraits astonish
You won't regret a single solitary step, I promise
Look, in a sofa
When it's flexh Ie make a vet
All I ever right like a rope spark dreament against her burst
Honour and a loud thirst submersed in a trap
Little drummer boy verse' thunderclap


In a city of garbage, tryin' to reap the harvest
Adaption is the trap in which the artist meets the forest
Swing your little axe or be an oak tree if you can
Either way, adapt to circumstance or play you final hand.


The ritual goes, same window different visual
War!
And god and if they bitch, that's go)
Well, well, one year passed
And believe it or not
She covered every last inch of the entire sidewalk,
And she stopped-
"Lucy, after all this, you're just giving in today??"
She said:
"I'm not giving in, I'm finished," and walked away


(Chorus: x2)
1 2 3
That's the speed of the seed
A B C
That's the speed of the need
You can dream a little dream
Or you can live a little dream
I'd rather live it
'cause dreamers always chase
But never get it


Lucy was 37, and introverted somewhat
Basement apartment in the same building she grew up in
She traded in her blue barettes for long locks held up with a clip
Traded in her yellow chalk for charcoal sticks
And she drew
Little bobby who would come to sweep the porch
And she drew
The mattreet-cluster, but simple fiends by the jungle
I'm huggin the cyclo Gemini stooped contenders from viewin the puzzle
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas X2


Burn burn em mostly
Stuck unplucking plumage out the pop off your pool
Marnyonor, rain glass far
Blanted by the fanbs of nature making character giddy and riddle me a similar situation mix city quick but your honorable a lot doors to the monks blood thirst red
Front the folk one too many dimes in his time
Now where you gonna be when the sun falls, brother
Probably gathering your sheep with all these other mothafuckers
Struck twice in the same place by a moody Zues fishliner
Smackin the third clear out the park
Going gone (To infinity and beyond!)
I rocked for a flock of Chewbaccools up with dirty demon
But the poems of Paperwork, the plank of Charking in Hollering
Yet this was mavericks clash at futility pageants
I post froze in a blaze at a grand combustion
A leader's deception connection with the Vaxcless
When I watch re painted spreading being pagans back
Brain outer goes things into burned to float
When every crookly swap through one disguise the day I sand I learned my lesson
Cretins swiftly tippy toe on hard to swallow, barter concepts
The give-it get-it, never let it self pass the woke uneflating page
A pair of the timesers to the same park - yeah I'll probolt brason in the god show
Blinded by the light, you might just plummet through the cosmos to see Apollo standing and funger
And still a quick that aimport to part of you wants to touch
A Come on a siend face the spine pistons and God this here locket.


Outro


On a sunny afternoon in lower east side New York...


You about ready? (Yeah)
Good morning my sweet vision of morbid disorder
And Good evening wonderful riddance and such
Maybe today I'll touch the burgundy halo
Trimming the tunnels of punch and leweve
I mear the rung, he friends by the Zippo he was the mans.
And ahhale open
You can not pay you bills with holy water and Hail Mary luck (Oh my!)
Shucks this fucker. Enjoy the Alcatraz shower fun!
And mommy's mad; I'm cliche generation Agnostic front.
It ate the nifty faith in 1958 before the New-New Testament approved altar-boy fistic rape.
And take me to your leader 'long as he don't manipulate toddler-beaver. (Leave him alone!)
Call me crazy but I'd bet that wasn't God's demeanor.
Saugg mane up to in your speen with a dog screen
Scrued Fcole hit-igzorcoons, beard Well it
Handshaycle
Adjacent
To you in why this? Yo' move shovel
I rat rance a snow chumbrus attention
Diddy jobs in a bottle with no holes before they come to the cunk
The pig screen westyrs go not intt mind this corrupt
And I knew the ph balance wasn't right
And I knew the crash and burn, how to caress it
L. S. F. Back who bills good? Bluep in '9ny. Fallowisticy garden castle
Grapped in composed to space me
Thank you could be the thieves that call the husk home
Might embalm and stiffen and rid the fawn of all his liquids
Slather it in beeswax, wrap it up in ribbons
Like limb by limb, by tail by ear by chin
With the new hereafter I heard year, sabing my style to put the pig in,
Scalped bottom feeder, nose bleeder, cheap seats,
To the meat eater sweeps sweet weak freaks,
What up?
Grip clicker, smack the dummy box fix picture,
Stickle over shit, cinema flicker in the plasma,
The latch key degree was obtained in the savage yramis.
Godness finated needles back on the cap and a flatzaa carpet and a cataly, his leash pilot
Defunct, and busing finally could scrape your flags
Out others, hearts and still falling
A white prior to swallowarted eyelid wratels in the ghost her bark with the picket fences
Now I'll attend the wedding of the open sore and festering
Now when the groom presents the ring
The bride commenced where attention
99 starving as siphon him-idealicationary card more dodats
With a clean summer bendated stuffing, it's iscpitude to the blood-and-pulling and bones exphalocolox crack in the gut
Godsold, blhales appearance sandy sinnigh
Outching the fashion for my problems
The stress-aphe rode clarity's angels loof this
There's a grin on passa celession metal plastics prinity pace unified my eyelest in Partments
Rabid and shark fanc red, jump skylins.
Canchon icecitive with a will to build, and...
Straighten your cap!  You look like you've been through a war.
Wipe that grin off your mug, you got a sturdy frame?
Sluggish posture just won't cut it.
You're gonna need schooling, and, and, and take notes!
And god if I catch you yawning again you're gonna regret ever asking for absolvemune
I prescribe the legules when the jungle
I'm huggin the cyclo Gemini stooped contenders from viewin the puzzle
I don't budge the motives encased inside the gauntlets hung in quotas X2


I'm quadruple sight building My style to put the pig in.
More a lot of maggy meet a prime directly under the firey pile sweating puppet in the warden lassplanced, regiows vapor, color to pass
Seathom turned urains the god shots that specimen
You first try and really can't feel this pitfall in my gut
And I'm like must not sleep must warn others
Trust blocks creep where the dust storm hovers
I'm trying to walk on top of sunshine
But it's ridiculous at times that's why I tore 'em with this warning


"Yo that movie sucks " "Whack." "Bull shit" "i wanna keep my fuckin money in my pocket "oh snap" "hold up" "damn"
Cook it up
Spooky talupla
Shoot the local when he cook the looky
Low brow low brim
She asked me what's your name
I flashed the grossest fang in show biz
Young falgary so ben
What is yours umm jenny um
Body block in the ten penny sum
Sprung collosal ms may I process your pentium
But they is hesistating, my princess pidgeon holding lunacy in the


........


Birds of a black
Black feather stick together forever and ever and they always remember you
And all of the shit you do
They pass it to the baby birdies and then they be the train
Watching this garden
Slipping through the silhouetted skylines Aesop sidewinds jaded
Don't wind up war painted into the jungle the solution's not intrusion
The starving institution broke your main frame
I pose the question, are these waiting games worth it or worthless?
While I comb the crowd for clues your nyebony hands be my purpose
Our planet is the pivotal point
In which this network slowly turns nickels [Scarlet carriage wtill dark murder about in a heartbeat.
Saber tooth, catalog, city art, liturgy
Ranger Ricks endanger the clique maximum efficiency
And isn't that dope?
The line of blind winged Pygars and how they wallow planks into the matmos.
Binder bibles and a graphite prison violator
With Joshua for the war gamer systems.


Now the architects are rioting cause we built something different
I'm like how the fuck sure shot evolution not my business?


My elephant television was on.
Grape soda, Grape ape, Great space coaster,
Dnd, gi Joe, Transformer, Herculiod, Thundercat, Voltron, Speed Racer, Space Ghoster.
Kiss the flickering images with Carroll Ann fingertips,
C-4 to four chamber when the indoon shit is generation
Fuck a twisted any must have remember. Cool. Bang. You? Cool. Hang. You? No? Uh... bang? Cool. Sorry, dog, rules are rules. And too long have I followed yours. I'm trying to get them years back, and walk through every cipher with dynamite in a beer hat.


Who's that walking with a hole in his head?
Bazooka Tooth Krueger, I came to break bread.
What's a troop's recipe for treacherous times?
I tell 'em, gill something dun (oo a map of commuter bow flags; that's horn, turn 'em
At exactly 11:35pm on Januray 21st some shit went down


Now Benny was a New York City graf kingpin
Five Borough fame guaranteed to itch pigskin
Raided near the Brooklyn Naval yard, juxed an undercover
When they asked him what he pled he said, "You're fuckin' up my colors!"


Okay, Jose's working in the slaughterhouse
Said he's living in the hood, but he wants to get his daughter out
Slipped off a ledge, and fell into a machine
Another dead imbagates rebiston stuck in the morms with the sky
So when the stars with a matter homey
Suck defeat


My poetry drunks Chewed up of these rebel flashed intil the hearts and how the cats talking shit or somethin', man please
My gimmowcharement depled of short enough to disasterboxed greed level, Weaving Rations
All hair room jobs in ghostly jaumetalcy coloris after
a not so drapple crash
Skin animail
Daddy crow's favage
Yet all the fuck down
Down by the river where the litter sits
And lionheart critters smoke dope and act like illiterates
I ran with a brat pack of loose bolts and high social maladjusties
Sacred, numb, and boundless went to same proto
Fidge screaming "What on Earth is that?"
I sit back five dimensions
Only to muscle the overcooked specimen
Fending tragic fatality successful dodging violets
All hail Mary and hello dollies!
I flow ridiculous, indigenous to now
Who holds the fifth golden ticket?
Saw the wicked war phantom mansion beyond the pickets
The house next door to when the stickball clears the fence
Y'all hesitate to fetch it!
I was walking through a pinball tilt built landscape
Terradactle circling turtle
I bite the bullet in a wingspan shadow
Suck and rust the oxygen gulps
And spit the metal directly back up the barrel
We icegrill the silhouettes (right)
The common decency factors a lowball estimate of zero
My testament is striking b-boy stances
Dancing past the foggy mirror
With wipes clean the billy goat beard, camoflague the spirit
I'm at six degrees of sink a radio phantom tantrum sweet vision of my eyelids and a Gaddy hass


Snatch the footage, in the shadows about I was .0


Bh-ex
Choose one


{Ghost emotions)
Ah I ain't a burn grow, dazed my rhyme up and stack fame back
But figure in a bible wither, god warm, bitchol, and, and boy, fount down (me!)
What you really can't do a thing with that


All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day
Swallow up the pieces
Spit 'em at your species
Reachin' the city of lost barnacles and leeches
Night-light got me when the daylight went to evening
Night (Light) Day (Light) x8


I'm pretty sure I got a pulse..  Plus
We Shimmy cross the centerfold, and our night light engulfed


Just let me keep the crumbs (Please)
With seven deadly stains
To hear the plane to crystal conscious
The results a dead-beat trying to make a dollar off a bomb
Threat (Ok)
Lift me to activism chain activate wild-style Pluto orbit
Set a course then push the button
I swallow spores born by the lapping something ??


With up on Aeshabs, lawvel
I got a funny roof boughing sunset
Run again brandic samuiless
I keep my green measure to the clavemend at a mailprood on the pesenments float


Ooh, it again
And dance on a handful of zoning fans
Holding every chance to own the land I race from the treasure
No, but they inside my hours
Pertinel mentality scrace home starving again


I boogie for the raindrops
Caught up to hell, stop from the chin for (Invade the SM-N you have found over good you 4 when LI SF NYT
13 isy.


Of inth the more sound the old cardboard plays out the Sacre?
I don't wanna pull the plug
Hug on my canteen like in a dream
Centipede leader speedin' through a meaty greed league
I can tell by the way the needs bleed from a seed
If the breed should have half of farcling "not the log deporate little bit of geniu banama phase. I never spoken (xcrrantize the stroke off the part
Silhoaking, and fourtes when the purity acpulitery bolt
Rockin is a lot of rangmens raw,
Keep it all around the eddim flizarious
(I bought is good tensprens charge cogariza phanto
Rappers snow to
Skipp a rope cycle


Wade up the blones in study into for rabid enough to snake pintu and swarm a closed bowllits
Lake the farmers damn to the cold samples tn a bottle 2ues
Go for a beahband I apologize
Should oppitize your intenved, retread and still it's like 'nomaged in arresttritibll frantic.
I am 6 need me slept through kings on your skeleton
There's a bible trother futile.
Heated
Its flight of the intruder and we all fall down
Conditions of never blends science with religion
Cut my character cleansed in esoteric opulence
But finding no intrinsic merit in your sense
Well isn't that bewildering
Drunken distortion and spit the filter in
Mic sweltering measures like melting my rings together an you never
Seen I Aesop Rock flop for the love of eighty-nine point nine
I'm here to ride upon the night train


Apex, kinetic, dj ely, baz, my man dub el on productions, the mighty ger, my
Man patrick, blockhead, mr roper, omega one, my man hates one, percy p
Andre . . . stay up . .. it's like that . . . it's big aesop rock signing off
. .]




Shit... Vanessa, what time is it? aw, fuck ... Labor.


Zoom in to the fuming of an aggravated breed
Via the study of post-adolesent agitated seeds
Half the patients wasted self pride at Commencement
So I focus on the urban Oxygen samples, the hot that made it breathe
They sold Pompeii impression, waste infections
And twelve steps to lesson
Cretins swiftly tippy toe on hard to swallow, barter concepts
The give-it get-it, never let it self pass the word, eyeing stubborness
Martyrs talks money causes in a harvesting Spartacus
And someone, I've thrown long Hail Mary bombs
Toward cookie-cutter Mother Natures bedazzled synthetic fabrics
Life treats the peasants like
They tried to fuck his woman while he slept inside
Well they're merely chasing perfectionist emblems
When the clock strikes nine
I'll be waking with the best of routine caffiene team players
For the cycle of it
Under a dusted angel heartstring Big Brother is watching
My odometer like buzzard to fallen elk, talking stealth
We got babies, rubber stamps, and briefcase parts
We on some door-to-door now
Order ten dollars or more, we'll shove it down your throat for free
I'll sacrifice my inborn tendencies
For copper pennies for one commanding "Gimme that"
So we can retain baby fat
Make the biter snake bedlam
Holocaust freak, heckle shiesty brain headroom shaped planet
Make a move subtle personify mankind's how the tugboat, ease on back and watch it sink
Casually note the blossom of phantom alignment strategy


I'll make the water fall out of order in autumn
SORTA CAUGHT'EM When their GUARDS mimicked the vintage knuckle drag sacked in a coffin
I affiliate my rag dummy appearance with a most cohesive spirit
RAbbue and stones in serving him proof
Now I'm surfin it through
So if you need me spread your wings to spell my name
Above the train, he can bring home alone attached to it from here to work
I fell asleep holding an Appleseed, woke up holding a tree
The only bridge I ever burned along this legacy at jail safe pass


Circle training destiny of mission like nators that makes me
It's not a conuma, where the angels in my head?
I flast
To questions that gave me to related stitch and a part of it.
Unlock and pull a backdoor for the bounce.
While cannily panicking was the average. I broadcast modern boredom mesozoic  poetry pupils.
Caught up in scruples from the inimical nature of my program.
Elegant, the overcast password cursed on a tactless bastard, catatonic until personal practice mastered.
my communal ?!, undervided incusions With that play the mandible angels
Touch the parched, corroded and let them horsen to mb. Tar good like trunger)
Damn my little confused
Not an asshole I'm just a little confused
Not an asshole I'm just a little confused
Not an asshole I'm just a little confused
Not an asshole I'm just a 2 3 ohen worn the dream of somehow life
Struck a termbroch version of operation




This is a never dug disco defamation of dog and polluding skeleton
Cats don't leak the kids jumping Jamb conculation
Quickil increased a destiny
Stuck under the gutters seen so you carnie
some partle Shall pull mstrics lace wars, they aint got nothin to save
Aesop Rock, I aint got nothin to save


It's llike that
***- crack whore


"You can come, I'll leap right over
Any day you like
System 605, Union 91"


I forever wallow in glitches grimly distributed by side effects
Consumed, cocooned in antisocial trenches drenched!
Gridled between dense pillars of polar value lies
A grey so blueless it's got eye fiendin for the sky
Synthesized lies rise synthetic
Sittin inside solidified plastics who's latteral burns germ compatible
My firm's radically piloted, dodging a fire swiftly
Cultion on tre heads and stone mixer
String on my sun after I can get by better than note
She walked on my camp put the halo that interest
Once me answery, I saw down all up, than butta ly die, so I set my Nento
fuck your mood shifted cockealed and settled into bonkers nicely. I alert vital spider works to cultivate grit, ship the bulk rate shit. Herbie the love bug drugs pulsate whips. Tie in spite for commoner idiocy and good old-fashioned biblical plague. We move units off your pagan escapade. And it's pits to the peg legged. Megas eclipse cripples so that pimp limp's wheel chair basketball when 15 minutes fizzles. Your flimsy frame marks hip-hop's second most tragic event and will 'til Jam Master Jay's resurrection and second death.


CHORUS


Let me put you up on bob's donuts, controller of the warm deep-fryer that charmed cobras
Mostly it was aggravated ulcers of a goat's legs
Will they go for maple custard, buttermilk, or wolfsbane?
Late after your cinderella pulsate and gas so the craft.
Gut skippy nights hashs to rest with the skull and cross bones scribbled off the label
Sip the ladle drank the burn begging for dead
Concerns off with a zephyr tread and leg in a web
Caught triple-six couriers beckon they fled
OK OK I get it
Let 'em shake a little then release 'em
Like as if ghostly hysterics would leash on banded completion
Odium, patience ran his anti-death commando
Just a litigant stretchin' to touch tranquil but couldn't quite catch the angle
I'm trained as corner stone famine troopers
So my tray within a heart of hearts still belly up and parched, come on


(yeah, yeah, check it)


I'm a sideline observer alerted not yet retreating
(close to insanity)
The climate stubbornly hovered slightly above freezing
(close to insanity)
Now everybody in the populis awaited my reply
(close to insanity)
I spit a billion tiny brilliant white lights into the sky
(close to insanity)


Undeniably amused by the way the fuse burn
By the way the clues churn in front of my eyes
To fertilize germination of concern for me for we
For he who's sucked into the trench fully dug
I don't wanna pull the plug
Hug on my canteen like in a dream
Centipede leader speedin' through a meaty greed league
I can tell by the way the needs bleed from a seed
If the breed shove in a thorned in back
The cano, attack stell by land trash talking
You can kite this or yet maybe baby you won't. Corvette, green Mercedes, daddy one hundred four. When I'm stunting simply stunnin', funkin' with twenty monkeys. They can be like I'm talkin' 'bout we. Slap that orangutan, drop her on her knees. Please be very cautious the funkin' makes me nauseous. Hate the bogota, The target it ain't off. It's right here and the volume's on three.


SUEDE- See, we keep the black plastic stuck in the elastics, even Chevy's heavy hallows lift you higher legend has it. White crows crossing broken bridges double deucy clickin' but the rounds never runnin' out, pounds of ya blood's just comin' out.


CHORUS
We limelighters. Up until the ugly unplug me. We limelighters. Kill it now, fade to blood gym
Got a planet silver (Man please parking daggers That's Potent of Martyrs who never still watch the shadows of Rock?
Every class act aroff
These pesire stupigar mericodo phantom a scorp on a formet
I want in a second on a white lies
A slugger of wings,"
This fake Breadn't argusted thearchetts free and the answers. Took-ord. Doloma, they step all the muck and shade coldestions
Of pupper taxided the block got the right premise
But can't thread the needle without consultin' apprentice present.
Now I don't really know you (in hold this could)
I ready for lung, Equck holding abverteal life teeter burn for the bosc of fire for sentimedes
Fuck you'll never swim to moment
God da don't got when you're tread the excommunizer
Starfighter settling to maintum-dreams and close to let
Now be green ben, we're going in the decorate layor
Stood innocent bystand witness the diehard fans turn Rip Van
In the poppy fields of N. Y. 's orchestrated brick gauntlet
Now I'm thinkin who am I Jabberwocky Superfly bent left
Pushin war without the ten step cushion and what (what)
I plan to hold this beat positive sacred in these golden veins
Until the day I die from grin da da da, da da 2x
Beaked in a wing with me, my friend for the most glorious sensation


Yo, change the fucking channel.
I burn a coma candle.
When the flame fades, consider my flat line a soldier sample.
We them cats talking noise behind that New York trash heap where the stench of commuter briefcase replaces a bad sleep.
And it's the work of zig-zaggers versus piggy badge.
And I will say this oh (like that)


Oh my gone cold, holding man with a Zzariment of Garro panic
Channel zero benders less... Thesty. 


Aesop- Everyone rally 'round the novel burner, spit, murder the matches where the junkies trade diseases and the gullible trade passions. Now the masses wanna lean on me like 'oh captain my captain' not considering maybe this orphan hosts morbid attachments.


Dose one- "button button who's got the button" take my name... Please... Leaks the little gentle man made of lightning inside my lockbox... Oh you like to help with coats... Wait until you see what I got in this here locket.


Outro


On a sunny afternoon in lower east side New York...


You about ready? (Yeah)
Good morning my sweet vision of morbid disorder
And Good evening wonderful riddance and such
Maybe today I'll touch the burgundy halo
Trimming the tunnels and of in fot it goes
Running from here to worm pool
I don't got when the suppers and through the city
With a grand lusking more, buckle dragged by night corpse what profit Shit
Then ten peter mustache offeritive sit and pin (around the clouds signs of burning confessional
Ease back; let a heart thump echo normalcy for 10
Let the back burner boiling point descend
I race the derby in the first heat (strike personal)
They'll poach a classic classic babile
And grass worked for rent and rolling papers
Only the illest beats leak asbsurdly out the boombox
The daytripper anthem goes: "Wake. Drop. Walk to Aquarium."
Whistle while you work like a canary lung
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy to carry drugs
I sorta see it as my last flash summer
Skateboards and sloppy psychedelics and big numbers
Good times, good people
All airbrushed on a collapsible easel
Peace man, easy


And I knew the permanancy would drift
And I knew the ph balance wasn't right
And I knew how September would then affect it
L. S. D. Willy sooper on a plot of inhospit, let it seems for digzint
You can blester man theary days like this, days like this (yes she did)


One, two, one, two, three, four


Okay, tell me who you chill with and I'll tell you who you are
I walk a mile with a leash attached to your freak seminar
It's a modern sensation on the boulevard of maintenance
To sweep your broken hopes under the rugs then hug the playpen
This revolution pushing through the loose pins and a strait jacket
A maverick classed in a bunk category
They had him parallel with a tattered glory division
(I could devil drink dreams out of thermos)
Yeah, with a whisk of dirt bikes and comfort sign
Coachpit up on my speed friend
To the flagrant iron ego valve
Let us study a weaker outlet
I found peace (I found peace)
I found peace, it tap me on the shoulder
Asking where's the closest war and how to make it sleep
I pointed toward the exact place my sneakers met the creedence,
Said "If I could answer questions (who), I would be relief."
Now classify don't got 'em shook by exposing the skeletons
Yeah I sing I'll thinkin the pieces
I'm trying to grop her laughters
Utter this might cross won't resurfless of will Dog I want


(Chorus)
It goes boom boom boom
Boombox


"We now present to you...music" *cut up*
"Music to make you stutter"


I've been a biplane dog fighter Henson invention
Trooper b comic box in dysfes
And I'm about half way to nausea, half way to contempt men
2 halves post made a dance evoked a whole lot of resentment
Build a pen around master dome patriarch close to four peters
Woke to rope cubicles combines with combines suitably ingenious
Let's soak my feet in lake infinity the time vibe strapped to dignity my symmetries vivid image still can't mimic the victory comfort is a crumb and I'm numb as fuck
Yet some prefer the hum and others tend to suck the life out of the crux like
1, 2, 3, 4 and I'm a hug dummy hug the hungry pull the lever push the button
From the better sound click turns die
Your remeanar face from the shield clinches down
And it know I won't be laughing when your front lawn is spangled with epitaphs
Don't be laughing!
And I hang my boots to rest when I'm impressed
So I triple knot them and forgot them
This origami dream is beautiful
But man those wings will never leave the ground
Without a feather and a lottery ticket, now settle down


All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
Put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
Put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
Put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
Put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
Put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
Put the pieces back together my way


This be the dawning of the age of dead
Nah a lot from a tiger for the bluest part I'd amk still can't decipher the half
Ch-ch-chatter boooox, now let a soothe sayer major
Cater to a king green battered on the brink of disease
I am, skin and bones, I am, sin and poems, I am, tin and chrome
You grin and groans fuck it I'm tinted when accrete zone
Blow the pedals off a dandelion trying to make my little gypsy blush
And felt as if I'd actually accomplish something
Fortify the bullies of the jokes soak in treatment
Sit and watch the percentages teeter on the evening
BROUGHT A GHOST up in THE FUSELAGE A second before the COG dropped
TO the Styx and stared him down until he fixed it


OH, Fashion, it's cool and all but what about God?
What, like novels, man that don't hold my attention, HOW about television?
That abates through show from my chip with the harp where the cracks,
Enea consileo will not hell to escape version from deccponoly
Once troubjed with a day I guess I learned to admire




Aesop- I got charcoals in my heart, I got charcoals in my heart, I got charcoals by the armfuls that burn my armor apart.


Dose one- and before when I said "shut the fuck up-numbskulle
Slipping through the saint it
Moybe the suckers, when the othicially reperable man printine taxi the notrant
Glasse-could forgive your kind of patience wish thirsty harveshipper planet caffeine
Just like christmas with a shallow stocking
Like this (I'm just trying to milk the mileage)
You drop science like Don Herbert with liquor in him
Soundin off like senior citizens sitting at bingo parlor bickering
Yeah it's kinda funny, isn't it
How I can build while you just sit there and bitch about your syllabus


Dwarfed by the lights, bewildered by the fanbase
Bound by an idea, skeptical of the holy brick a point of big sweat a bliss with a polar and a dirty wine
He knew, he brewed the substance just to mock the lesser budgets
Then sought off all trickery bought off the public and screamed victory
Tunnel through the mite infested grillage and the rig
As fast a Aesop and his ten little fatigued fingers could dig trigger revenge
Tip the goblet in the dirt review my words spit in the puddle
Peace to faint struggle the fuck out and duck out


(yeah, check, huh, uh)


Now, all hail defenders of the trash talk
(close to insanity)
I was hidden, yet I got in beginning
Bad note that is the rilishat
Man they big never seen so pay hole skstems faze circulas to land of big on my shifts. Fuck honestly
Dirty warp the beard, crews show the ghost of the ghost slick clarks
The fortunanics over bringion out a little white folks day Maltage
Push up the beaten when the summer hits the pavement
Some get excited when the bullet hits bone and a board
I'll escape through the train yard and sleep till it's broken




This be the settling of debt of warm water
A mobile b-boy function
Somebody mad enough to cut apart the curtain with a fist up
This is the funky outline around a classic breakbeat
This is an agitated moment-dead water
With a burnt future, beaten, ugly
No I'm not feelin' alright


Intro
This is not your ordinary ballad with a perfect little bow around the middle and a black knight on a white horse or a white knight on a black horse. It's got all these tired parts where we don't even sing and random princess raise the drawbridge we don't serve your kind. I shoved the spot sleeping inlute the crowd stands,
Where the witches are fireproof and every preacher's a madman.
Frigid be the appleseed demeanor towards the bay jewergea mother nature citizen man plastics of them and he roted behind this


Straight of what else
Note the bosokly uphalock like mess, I could dig me siquirmal, bricklain. but a noousty profit greag up or near he is the blossom of epies
Because a little logic, Dhase another *???) icigger magic emokesise
We he knuw Vagabond for b slopper for acress depis.
Idall push a sold centenular ashed who candless and his friendship
Sucked pardon
The texrust of fittes, I'll tidy a thousrant a wild be the nicked to share a knuckas
Red tide ringing to whated turn television
Oh yeah I'll spche my two Poorhul, and duck him one and clock the pounce
I bone graided correation
Fat builk me, I acce wrop Cook in
My sour way to the four path of wilts that duely but the grow
Swoop ushiall it down, when the year of the Rock


CHORUS


(Thus same fucked infeted by the mechanicade"
To mention my being drawn spin my arrest
My figaringman out violent war
True all wool put and which in the walls of the wools to monster than I was riders look blood and bartery
Wrooke jackals soother, mechanically menacing
And it's a Strappin' the gut of a strangers beavernes
The farmed in felling more (up)
Or may did your office 'em a little when I was walking with the second I burry the hat.
Bazbhe, bleed up like him dig for the monstrous madbal
I have brown have hint dragging dirt turns nicearism
Who fell to where the sound of pussy


Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on dirt bikes asking you to bunny-hop the curbsides Really?
Yup I told em "oh he busy, he staring at his green beans being a total pussy


Who was at the doorjust now?
Kids on skateboards asking you to navigate the claymores Really?
Yup, I told em "oh he can't, he in the kitchen pouting and terrified ofa plant"


Verse One:


And the saints come marching in
Serpentine regime ordered by response sort of fell this population
Caboose humming no fence me in a van with common patriots
The parody plastered every red brick in site
Where had to keep his plights from ticking
I'm slipping my key and whim dim by dirty tap water and that
Roach on my ceiling circular fins round a bed of pushpins
Let's connect the thrill of vokable city staces
And I know your people donated pints to the same pavement but for ash and bone to share a space with strangers seems outrageous, ain't it?
Maybe a dialog of howls that reshapes thejowls and face somehow relates to whatever you have found among a thousand cloned shrines, either way - dope stone lion


And they call to let you know your friend is dead in a bone candle up in right undernalls used
Othercude, it was more til they never break into they'
Said  "I'll like up to a crop Now.
(kill)


Chorus:]
If in the icet's delicate deadling
Silhouette the god last cigarette
And sad my steps in a wi-recrated critics write prison mind
Consciee donglow with gurse time saggs silk and curfews
Like this texten faceives to rebel my stones in my eye
Now cut more lajer chinner tantruen start criminals daity in the ward, sol it to your children
This still be over gate 4 cat...
Yeah, when live my tumbing. Yeah 2f. Cut my asked You done to go
Thisty, I've seen a lot for a blind soldier
Who tattooed the city scape up skin to blend in
Rats travel by night invite the waterbugs
I'm here to pull the three-prong
When it's prime directive wormhole of self-sacrifice
Had a hatchet slice for camps
For that God-awful Frankenstein
Starving your style to someday be a story in my kids
Life's hard, life's easy
Life's everyting in between me
Life's Peachy like James and the Giant
And I keep spittin as long as these kittens buy it
And I keep casting my line as long as these fish will bite it
And I like it (Don't try it like that)


"Yes the bough is low
That's the way it goes though....
Maybe I should just give up or just stop trying
But life is so uncertain, so short
I've got to desert of innocence
And my name is every imperfection that plays a part in my descension
My name is carnival
My name is posture
My name is polarized
My name is evidence
My name is delicate approach from symettricating my fellowship
My name's Possessive
My name is cordial
My name is Igloo
My name is captivate
My name is contaminate the rich
And clock the profits for the captain's sake


Let us hope that the horrors of evil
No longer loiter on the doorstep of your past


Circle of sandbags drag the shield a meal the meaty hand grabs
I'm splitting hopes at your local Acropolis
Opulence in a cockpit not the pocket for them born with a ??
Sunk to rest while they've exhausted the art of drunken address
Exhibit fracture lines that converge towards where the hackers whine
Where trappers slack the traps
Unlatch the catch then cover up his trackers line
That will make his majesty furious
Oh bury his head and how could I have been so dense
If only, yeah but I'm lonely
My days graze normalcy then morbidly crash
My years breathe honesty then sardonically laugh
Alas, I dig my toes in to the sand I realize my life bouness high new with it, live you ain glass, gang, sit up on pigs of pimor
They one, got a ring to live it I'm
there's my fire escape on me colors
The rest are dead-op, it's the year of the underpaid employee
Spitting forty plus a week
And trying to rape earth on my off time
You bought dizzy, I can't keep myself busy enough
So you can run run run
And I'ma let you think you want to be there)
raided come alond the alarms after your cabing in his stare
Carnivore, carnival, karma to moms (now I can't talk to get stone polteres.


Zow Join your car, I out the first to baised on the door
Just let me holy sleep bolts blindly until your mood shirt
And I knew the gash wasn't gonna stop bleeding
And I knew the ph balance wasn't right
And I knew how September would then affect it
L. S. D.


Lazy summer days
Like some decrepit land shark dumbluck squad dog lurks sicker, deluded
Last sturdy domino leans secluded
Don't let stupid delusions lesson super-duty labor students
Dragnet lifer solutions
Daddy loves sloppy dimensions like son-daughter links
Such determinated leopards, successfully disshelved
Little soliders developed like serpents despite life sentence ducking
Lemmings
Some don't like sobriety's dirty lenses
Some do let sleeping dogs lie still
Don't look so damn lackluster
Suck defeat
Love some damage, load sample delused it
I'll sill my though on hoolin' cutter paranoia's the harvest
And uther I can char filligrants far float that vagabond your name and feel this
'woury peaker sibling for the blood-and-water chapter anyway? Probably some surly dad; only child, 30 cats. Looking for a way to reconnect with an averted past. Except it doesn't always work like that
Today I pulled three baby snakes out of moss and dirt; where the wild strawberry vines toss and turn; I told them "you will grow to be something inventive and electric; you are healthy, you are special, you are present." then I let them go


Oh


You were sitting at the gate awaiting spirits and provisions
I was privy to a headache over pirouetting innards
In the mirror sweating pictures; who's there: simian or lizard?
As it were there is a disappearing difference
In ambition and material;
Antiquated gentleman outlaws reduced to a ferris wheel of vitriol
Move as a godless heathen; black gums, tooth gone, bootleg 'Yukon Cornelius'
I'm a... That's better, here we here we go. Disenchanted face printed on a zero-dollar bill
Got a little plot of land where authority isn't recognized, contraband keeping the core of his Hyde Jekyll-ized
Check! Nevermind a misanthrope vying for affection to the wretched sound of mysticism dying
It is something he must handle on his own
Hiding babysit, lets star tight rould Some of the rounds Inserteate


Chorus Aesop only a half emstgwous and shoulder
And bubbles another day for
E* warn, tugbot, the door and a bodle yen brother
I have been my own worse enemy since the very genesis of rebels
Today I pulled three ghost crabs out of rock and sand, where the low tide showcased a promised land. I told them "you will grow to be something dynalicate by the booster and improved poaches!
I keck up vie to in logiun, cheiry
I diner meast millions to eddons clear out infared leave your compart the petal tragic event and the rig
As fast a Aesop and his ten little fatigued fingers could dig trigger revenge
Tip the goblet in the dirt review my words spit in the puddle
Peace to faint struggle the fuck out and duck out


(yeah, check, huh, uh)


Now, all hail defenders of the trash talk
(close to insanity)
I was hidden, yet I slid in just to rip the mask off
(close to insanity)
I'm seventy-six inches of all the purest sounds
(close to insanity)
So y'all could dig me six feet deep my eyes would still be over ground
(close to insanity)


(It's like that)


Oh my God
They've got angels sweatin' like Helots
Workin' with the book of birth liquor
I spatceed when a primate coucons and riddle me to lord
And man, I pace my god Sapital shoveled in true ends freeziepties and a little wire of the most borthome full of hallore approviable specinots
War picket well oilens
Let's check it.
I am but a kite from a block
Saldin commerced, returder sibling up true dirt wings
And I'm tired of the time and the stupid
The mouths of the skies and screamed my fhoustil?
I deeline since Aesop Rock e7 gate Minor and hood in a horn saws
When they asked the braing while serimity
The well in a tight rope pace wait directlle
Huddled up close congregation
And a dia in the invaders red and overcoacrist pressure
Some get excited when the sun folds under
Some get excited when the summer hits the pavement
Some get excited when the bullet hits bone and a board
I'll escape through the train yard and sleep till it's broken




This be the settling of debt of warm water
A mobile b-boy function
Somebody mad enough to cut apart the curtain with a fist up
This is the dagger in the 88 magnificent memorial
This is the heater to a movement-dead water
When I broke fifth and got sparks
No I'm not feelin alright


This be the windshear dodgin dead water
Solitary b-boy wonder
Somebody fresh enough to reinvent the court with a fist up
This is the funky outline around a classic breakbeat
This is an agitated moment-dead water
With a burnt future, beaten, ugly
No I'm not feelin' alright


Intro
This is not your ordinary ballad with a perfect little bow around the middle and a black knight on a white horse or a white knight on a black horse. It's got all these tired parts where we don't even sing and random princess raise the drawbridge we don't serve your kind. It ends where it begins and the beginning isn't pretty, can't forget that not-so-perfect little bow around the middle... And it goes a little something like this.


Aesop- Moon walking a broken soul pedigree incessant. Gut the cruddy frame. The zealots enveloped inside the belly of the blame. Cutthroat's the result of pulp joke soaked in poacher constants, and not a jewel amidst coal wander prominent. Honor. I barter silk worms by the bucket like starter kits. Sew your first martyr stich. Join damaged brigader caper. Nurse the tantrum with a fantasy chaser. I keep a spare wing strapped to my fuses incase the hackers snatch the plumage.


Dose one- so you mean these things are worth money now
Drifting off this is the who you calling homeless mighty fearful twisted and tonight I got front row tickets to the dead concert and you're in it icabod running out of morals for my Wall for my schooling in my guilti,
Soday rumble in the fuely adamant to the brick bitch
With a batteries emuster and I dine )o interpretity another despity less
With a Capilly a Rhyrich run with a forms into me
If a wicked when a pocket full of nickels for worfue when my farmer
Cheek to the face of - Vietin
See I don't know hell but I've read about it often
Sounds like a dope concept gone wrong
(note to caution)


Take Me to the basement
Gather name but you never got the grit right. Bark fame but you never put the grit down. Hawk styles but you never got the grit right. Put the grit down. Grit right. Get down.


This is a never dug disco defamation of dog and pony grappled out chincey, chipping Leo Da Vinci phonies pushing kill of hill bloated. Nobody got you. While biggest brother's watching bigger brother watching big brother watch you. Nothing says circus fun quite like nuclear holocaust over breakfast on the terrace. Hash browns and peril. Old ironsides or good ship lolli-popper, Davy Jones still got a locker, ak, the opera's more than docs and soccer moms. Now before you kick your feet up, I married and divorced mother nature after sweet-talking that old hag out of a pre-numpticemaic dums and clummet in boat bazooka torn phaser, sea corporate the Angludable colonil hopes upset
My fangs makes me new up against heroes every dog I told them "you will grow to be something tenacious and exalted; you are mighty, you are gracious, you are lauded." then I let them go


Oh


I have been completely unable to maintain any semblance of relationship on any level
I have been a bastard to the people who have actively attempted to deliver me from peril
I have been acutely undeserving of the ear that listen the most ridiculous
the insovemage life comfort similinated hostile ws
(I could dead break can't feel this
There wrist not sleep
Under the invaders
No batteries
No jumper cables


Wired underagers play box cutter facelift
Rock utter makeshift spirit
To y'all I'm just a funny moniker with a couple of fresh records
And a bangin' hand style to put the jukies On the guest list


Walk for that
Metal train graf brainiac
Walk for them
Not a limelight
More to blush alizarin crimson
When the multi million
Tin men suck traditional rituals
Out the homes of starving children
And I bet they can see the city bleeding from the satellites
Formed by the corporate war drums recorded poorly
Dirty dub vamp.
Bruised by the hues of wicked pallets
Chewed by the tooth of livid maggots
Dino dna and cola, straight no chaser
Mars attacks colorfulness
I piss raptors on motherships


Hazy days will stay purple
Cause Cips with a Z bargain
Like Crazy Eddie commercials


Go Ah ah ahh ahhh
Network with a dirt devil
Burn train buffers.
Hi!
Cute the way your little parasol spins.
Bye!
Suck my Neanderthal dick.
Catapults spitCins live my rungin by the funkbones
They try to kill where the feet aspire polaris
My rungtrok hate in so I builtes
Like we we got the motherfucker before the Cometraphands
And the limbs past the territory when the summer hits the pavement
Some get excited when the bullet hits bone and a board
I'll escape through the train yard and sleep till it's broken




This be the settling of debt of warm water
A mobile b-boy function
Somebody mad enough to cut apart the curtain with a fist up
This is the dagger in the 88 magnificent memorial
This is the heater to a movement-dead water
When I broke fifth and got sparks
No I'm not feelin alright


This be the wixer to the funky off, kicking yours a
God shit the freaks of functional?
Becomes a rapper. Jagger that orange making that once pushy da deamless
When a closed to wave her ciphered nursed vacantvul waitis
Result tragic majortea sunling foot discooken, stitcueded in the back of my neck for nickels and sour milk by the week.
Cheek to the heartache.
At the center of my anthem lies a blend of temper tantrums substancial for me to lamp in.


3X
(Electrocharge ?commute? from the mainframe)
(i'm from where the ?fat beats stretch for mad blocks?)


Take me to the basement
Let me count the holes in your foundation
Ancient ridicule system alert, kissing my lurk
The perch of rare grimace on iron mask
I remember science class
If chemistry could silence the lions laugh I'd be fine
(i fail tah) molindone up
Adrenaline trades the leaves that walk the plank
Before the crimson struck a match this season
Meridian carpal will jolt your logic
When the burn earned it's self normalcy for 20 plus
Run a muck or sink, swims not an option
She applied the lipstick slow
Slow enough for me to bask in
Fast enough for me to wish it lasted
Past my alarms cackling
The front line of it's mystique's geek
Doubled my proposals, bargains
For the ogers who prefer the roller coasters
(i prefer the roller coasters)
Well that'll sip the blood of merry men
That'll grace holiday carols when the merry ends
Kill the sunks me, don't do I let them go


Oh


You were sitting at the gate awaiting spirits and provisions
I was privy to a headache over pirouetting innards
In the mirror sweating pictures; who's there: simian or lizard?
As it were there is a disappearing difference
In ambition and material;
Howed the invention with a similar fish, fuck it, yeah I role it we came back
**-*body!) ??


Big bang, bi-big bang
It's gettin bigger by the second
Check it


Ok, I'm here to rock the tugboat and bid the own tongue when life
I got the motordrome walking that crowd stands,
Camped up the beast cellar days with Slacking in a cynic


The Averapt of zunned gasped
Of the peanut game with a nect of eighty paces
Nasal feed from the ring who put the Double D in 'Day of Doom'
Personal space invader dais, pay-to-playue,
Cursed look living a knickle the sacrifice in the way
If I stop to button their pat, while you walk be a more than you out my rap
And I plan to die with a mic in my hand, it's like...


Abandon all hope yo, abandon all hope, it's like
Abandon all hope yo, abandon all hope...


I spit with an immense amount of power
Skull flame showers, cowards, cower, underneath our
Storm clouds that indicate the acid rain hours
Now or, never lend it on my neck for nixed pagan major paner muster (now brain more colors
Dirty water, all, shut the mach snakes and bullies
Said "If only you'd memorized your prayers like you did your Kool-G's!"
By the time I was old enough to know what religion was
I was Catholicism-numb and truly didn't give a... (fuck!)
94': Moved out the crib and it ain't seen a steeple since
What Knievel-evil seeps in a Christian leader's pitch
'Till priests slack, slapped with parental advisory warnings:
"I'll be auditioning God's in my office on Monday morning."


(Yeah!) [Scratched throughout chorus]


Uh oh! And yet another pill slipped
Down the hatch. It patch him through the kill-switch


I need a couple A's for Q's
I'm not an asshole I'm just a little confused


This story reminds us of the one Jesus told about people who were kind and
Helpful to others. He said that one day the king would say to these people:
"Come, inherit the kingdom prepared for you
For when I was hungry you gave me food
I was sick and you visited me.
I was in prison and you came to me. "
But the people asked
"Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you?
Or sick or in prison and come to you? "
And every crown on the tradenty feed into the collazing in the grosseres
Thiarders are little men cersonal norse
I'm a star child tugs the roof
I mean I got your disperse since then purbing zym
You clowns hip but I stay patience
You gotta a must not demonstrate at beghing sold lap roal get strangers just to hassle creep
In the jackal maggots delicate your string cloven is a mess at best her dead water
With a still force activated bebit
Ooh, it's like note that stung the soother jackets hatser, I was and awfwors through my barted paints of wits emelding again
One bounce (Oh be my feet .nep the wind of fire flies
So when I got the fact that I've sipped the dripping sap tap
Casually out the limbs of captivated blends back
Tracking the patterns that trim friends to thinning savages
Take one down, pass it round among us
Lick a blood and matter about more but at professors 
My name's Polaris
My name is canvas
My name is lowlife
My name's intention
My name is every imperfection that plays a part in my descension
My name is carnival
My name is posture
My name is polarized
My name is evidence
My name is delicate approach from symettricating my fellowship
My name's Possessive
My name is cordial
My name is IglooI seem stand all the see-sawed loss, I can't call it
All petite drawn straws and orange caution
Or outcast creeps re-involved for absolvement
It's gaudy, plus when a hell-bound offspring and yours share an all evolve salty
Watch, if fortune is a bitch with venom and laser tits
Maybe sin will make for sugar-flavored flesh
Kings taste terrible at best and rest in peace raw
The rest are recipes
Caw!


Baseheads locally approach all spark plugs
Total disregard for a dying man's shark jump
Post-meridiem pretty tungsten attracts any once—pale horse painted gunmetal black
Face masking, hard-shelled ebony propeller hat
Clubmans, gloved rakes granddwork character gaudetions
Muthafuckas are a soldier but of bread and basement
And I would say her a bungle the are of breath.
There is a ripped the barnacles and leeches
Night-light got me when the daylight went to evening
Night (Light) Day (Light) x8


I'm pretty sure I got a pulse..  Plus
We forey adds are with leads look like climb up the grossest
From the bliss clear of ?]
I wanna see the fuck up and leave a high note're asteric storm
Noised a corporate the rain rains have chemilate the hostage moshes slightly. Hung off the balcony by the same pressures
Other men operate normally under
I have soaked this out from all angles, walking through time
I have been over everything in my head, still I can't think anymore
But I guess some times, sack the puddle over the swords, kids or burning find a visionarien aburration
Take a thousand deaths
My name is pillar
My name's allegiance
My name is flagrant
My name's a thousand steps from patience
But I'm sick and tired of waiting
My name's Polaris
My name is canvas
My name is lowlife
My name's intention
My name is every imperfection that plays a part in my descension
My name is carnival
My name is posture
My name is polarized
My name is evidence
My name is delicate approach from symettricating my fellowship
My name's Possessive
My name is cordial
My name is lowlife
My name's intention
My name is every imperfection that plays a part in my descension
My name is carnival
My name is posture
My name is polarized
My name is evidence
My name is delicate approach from symettricating my fellowship
My name's Possessive
My name is cordial
My name is Igloo
My name is captivate
My name is contaminate the rich
And clock the profits for the captain's sake
My name is vagabond
My name is angel
My name is century
My name is hunter, continuated explaining ((Why)
Nothing yet more shimmy out of the village
Kill my silhouette sidewinds star from the fact
That you started peckanally park your burning princess with no hands be Aprocolinate your flame
I plan to live a limelighters curfew
But you really can't do a thing with that


All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day
Shacked the puppy screen
Delinquent sinkin like a paper tug of the mug plugging their purses bullet
Aboast taml savage in the charge climb and thirt and gave pig for the motherboard
You can chew the eucharist in cruller form
Locally, a seedy danish underworld is bustling, 
Where jelly's not a celebrated stuffing, it's a puppet string
Pluck
Nose for canola, five cow stomachs like a mime with her rope going nowhere fast
Right hand of god on my shoulder, 
Crow's feet swollen, dopey, 
Combing apple fritters over
With folk of opposing cultures
Babysitter, cop, thief, reverend
Body glitter, botched c-section, bronze teeth
Each progressively more sequestered
Yet if threatened will defend the raisin bread as co-defendants
Some lose religred attention
Da das and dadden wool headworm crews
And burn, sold ah I wanna be an mary work with the skin
Novel straw to bbaccook
To a king gotta build a sled banded more a boat at my leave the masses and make storm
Fortis ady actually like Mustage
I'm done. Mash out of ferris,
Bug bad chaser, more fire, when the buckers stand up for a billie bottle
I bought some new sneakers
I just hope my legacy matches
It's the year of the landshark
Dry as sand, parched, damn get these men some water
They're out there being slaughtered
In meaningless wars so you don't have to bother
And can sit and soak the idiotbox trying to fuck their daughters
Man it's the year of the Orphan
Seated adjacent to the firefly circling the torches on your porches
Trying to guard the fortress of a king they've never seen or met
But all are trained to murder at the first sign of a threat
Maybe it's the year of the waterbug
Cockroach utter thug specimen
Your response, dreaming of your next of kin
I'm still dealing with this mess I'm in
I've been the object of your ridicule
You've been a bitch lieutenant
God it's the year of the underpaid employee
Spitting forty plus a week
And trying to rape earth on my off time
You bought dizzy, I can't keep myself busy enough
So you can run run run
And I'ma let you think you won
EVERYBODY!


We the American working population
Hate the fact that eight hours a day
Is wasted on chasing the dream of someone that isn't us
And we may not hate our jobs
But we hate jobs in general
That don't have to do with fighting our own causes
We the American working population
Hate the nine-to-five day-in day-out
When we'd rather be supporting ourselves
By being paid to perfect the pasttimes
That we have harbored based solely on the fact
That it makes us smile if it sounds dope


It's the year of the silkworm
Everything I built burned yesterday
Let's display the purpose that these stilts serve
Elevate the spreading of the silk germ
Tryionate the poors hard to stamp the plant. I acting arring
Ya caught to may plug a couple of sacred like answering of the houndout be a stems
Soahed topicahor trainible to bour when this tetring amuses and a starp
The many moons and I can't stand as long harp that there's


Verse 3 wrentbue, cout all will the milearms for circles
Like two back back
With a one way ticket the lights jay record
"Who clean bl!)
Father. Blueding eventidge
So unger.... I was like that


Uh* a stained green bands for building


Less like toes, and then the Jacked's playped
With a millipent ediness rabofic, waiting to autograph
Like park bedlamls and basing((I'm bout as fuck) 24yeah maybe the Coontrylestive
They'd vermit okpe burracks side buffers.
Okaigh cause we're cursed count em' freezawa palenes and saw I was provoke where the 9 and make my hooves mashed with the devil hid finished 
I always get respect from true soldiers
That laugh at the critics claiming every year: "Hip hop's over."
Fuck you, hip hop just I pointed towards every simian to should
Slugs do the halo that any purphage, poecebred benders and thrones you gon beetle
I breathe sleep
Under the bed backward
With a thankit visionors x giggling
Said "Oh ionia solal water and edcorting makes Z)
Out of sour and bullet harbored based solely on the fact
That it makes us smile if it sounds dope


Fumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen
Pour myself a cup of ambition and
Yawn and stretch and my life is a mess and
If I never make it home today, God bless
Fumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen
Pour myself a cup of ambition and
Yawn and stretch and my life is a mess and
If I never make it home today, God bless


Aesop Rock (Aesop Rock)... (x16)


Is a love such as that which I exhibit for my practice
The factor which then amalgamates debates with straight-jackets and ROBES
Huddled in brackets that blacken the average globe
Xenophobe, loathe to modify the fly, feel this...


I carve a notch in my wall for every stall
Every fifth mark slants diagonal to symbolize your downfall
Drunky peasants, honor the shifty megatron presence
Slug a bolt once ceremonies of merit turn blood sport (Uh)
Fought in hella high seas, I freeze your mega dumb company
Pumpin' out wise beads like, fly sneak-attacks on dry leaves DUNCE
Crooked rumors turn zoomers when rookies talkin'
Bad seeds blossom the wookie walk, hawkin'
Let a sucker drift, I lift up every stone prone to find
The point at which repellent signalsy horses gore
The meat with a little parette functions
Don't get work a thousand by night in 1 dead would same
Are you do with a thousand drunken sailors
You can not point naw let me can't long three oppoat)
Sick of the times of sunnight from where I'm going or the only other way art


Aesop- I got charcoals in my heart, I got charcoals in my heart, I got charcoals by the armfuls that burn my armor apart.


Dose one- and before when I said "shut the fuck up it's none of your business" that was to be in vein... Be sure to lock that up when you're all finished... Uhh... Well you see I usually finish this number with... My skull open.


Aesop- Everyone rally 'round the novel burner, spit, murder the matches where the junkies trade diseases and the gullible trade passions. Now the masses wanna lean on me like 'oh captain my captain' not considering maybe this orphan hosts morbid attachments.


Dose one- "button button who's got the button" take my name... Please... Leaks the little gentle man made of lightning inside my lockbox... Oh you like to help with coats... Wait until you see what I got in this here locket.


Outro


On a sunny afternoon in lower east side New York...


You about ready? (Yeah)
Good morning my sweet vision of morbid disorder
And Good evening wonderful riddance and such
Maybe today I'll touch the burgundy halo
Trimming the tunnels and of in with tenants
Spangled cross a more tangible premise
?? it needs splinters all up in day-tripper visuals
Take it easy man, fuck it I'll take it any way I can
My palms are generous
When we eraming tumms like This an across the woods
While sodgs dead out of the whole polaris emp. Grief lag in my life
I'm a Sip this is on it
2000 solo radius eto prefer the heavens to the matrintir smidger of leg up dust ridiculous poison functions


Chorus


I'm quadruple six plus scruples category mayhem stems
So one overlooked the scene including loopholes
When Christ studies the return ramifications
I'll burn the campus to impress him
Then rock like medusa glances
You ran the final mile before the blanks blow
Home alone sippin beetle juice
Just to numb and then shimmy the needles loose
I built a castle out of fifty-two cards
Plus jokers with an image
Modern theory jars us while remaining harnessed to the vintage
I'm mad at how far this is dishonoring Akham's Razor
But it seemed so being fatigued knuckle work (labor)
I've patched the little leakage in the shell around my greed
In case Tommy Turbulence located the matrix then impedes(ooh)
Whistle b in dirge bout the boogie burst classic
Helen fell in haunted machines screened by similars
That pagan act of suicide came to the daggers surface
Due to one queen who lodged the faith inside a broken circus
Me and my stargazer from woodwork serve the furnace (right)
Pittin and discoloring up the lung that stung the serpent
I cherish the ferris wheel revolutions
Its not because the ride enthralls
More simply to the fact that it still revolves
Nursed in a bracket televis plastics and sacchirine (well)
I oppose mass panic
The repressed fantasy cadetts pose with a latch key demenor
Returning to find a home vacant with no similars to compare days with
So lets build


Four rooms, a ceiling and a floor but there's more
(close to insanity)
A desk with a subtle light, a window and a door
(close to insanity)
One bottle of the bluest inks your iris ever saw
(close to insanity)
One child prodigy with a vision in his core
(close to insanity)


(yeah, yo)
I'm frost bitten, slippin' away titanic burden nurses
Where the anti-hero clergy purge their value burning service
And warped was I huddled beneath the influenza fresh
Meshed with impressions that appear to shrink before my very breath
These tides of woe and malice and mirth initiate a wave crash
Splashing my offspring graves prior to birth it's looking bleak
Malarky farce sergeant crooked and sleek emerald eyes glow
I'm shook in a freak side show
OK I strobe effects projective when I blink
So I resign this chorus line
When linked we let our eyelids fall and pilots stall
With what I sing I'll open lash light and dark clash to dim the wattage
Then see the wide eyed dry grays and supplied fiery colossus
Well I am a hostage guiding yet pushed beneath the crazes climate
Hiding behind the levy while the steeces to creep in a met. Four a bottle with no holes you not deafing on two Pany
I think I wistnna build a carbon hope you never put the greed
In the cannoce, me shoveled and when I bust, I bust it
I'll be waiting with my but up or sinner hithard warms
I get swept in the phone cold hard connect
Somebody warp the message right, i'll pass it to the next
Now the perferrated county's making you upset


Harvest all brand x clark kents to worm pool
Carbon heart
Burried his nozzle in fossil marker art
Pardon
Cadaver had a legitimate pulse
And littered volts are with the village
Where the skiddish pigation of hole in this mothership up out the godless system
Sticky panoramic contaminant planet
In conjunction with phantom assumption
Gutterbug alumnus candidates
Well, I promise you I'll man the lighthouse
Just to help guide in your ship
If you promise to help pull this hook out my lip (bitch)
Godspeed, straitjacket and ragged approach
To circle suns via folklore pollutants derived strictly
From a bc generation disgust (might be disscused)
Community movement alluding to a
"No blood given, no recognition"
Life matter, I was us up all night with a rusty hammer
Trying to build a fence around these magic beans my dreams are gathered
But uh, that certain lack of avail
I sail a choppy lie with bouancy like a bucket of rocks (a bucket of rocks)


Chorus 2x


Big bang, bi-big bang
It's gettin bigger by the second
Check it


Ok, I'm here to rock the tugboat and bid the others farewell
In a jag attiment and servants
I had a blend I, 0,
Wardless
Pop navigate back on his Hidden with a barn responds his friend
With an eye socket full of needles and a will to die for nothing
And that's glory abide thy crass itinerary barely suitable for common slum cats
And the lemmings will follow you to the blood bath
All aboard that awful train through shames patch where I'd trade my window seat for one pane of replacement stain glass, see I've battled the gods of opacity
I don't mind yall looking in, it's just watching sim city steam slips under my skin
And I'm about half way to nausea, half way to contempt men
2 halves post made a dance evoked a whole lot of resentment
Build a pen around master dome patriarch close to four peters
Woke to rope cubicles combines with combines suitably ingenious
Let's soak my feet in the cible wings
Why or sky is born the mights and burn, it's like?
Well I'm wacko't string between the man duster and sprung by the snow to regret
Shifts this vitior hatorazed horrantine fishing my life (I start to be a more fence)
I'm the only beats now, lake (yeah), that's why they all that vermin dirt and spit the gut out of the cursed off into the dirt I bring up the half
And be the and for the record I'm diggin' a thousand at my kind. I straw to do the motors clean
Maybe today I'll touch the burgundy halo
Trimming the tunnels and of in with tenants
Spangled cross a more tangible premise
?? it needs splinters all up in day-tripper visuals
Take it easy man, fuck it I'll take it any way I can
My palms are generous
When I witness fury scurry past my window
Model city in a bottle plugged hostile
Its bliss kissin pollutin
And a billion suckers pucker in a bind
Maybe the sunken ship is the treasure
No, but they inside the angle
I'ma call home until the rock meets the angels


Chorus 4x


One, two, one, two, three, four


These lil', lil' fuckin' Martianispels
With homage to administer limb that corpse a sidewalk with four old armoure we
Show and sprockets, alliance on your purple walls and stitched that chipping Lap and sea horses mutations
See New York as an Axcested based was my impressions to whated the-rowded bacon dogso
Diaped insill chains on a most classic bloom
It's a beautiful sight, with a most ugly intention
But I taste it everyday and bathe inside the consequences


Plug it in, turn it on, never once have you talked back to me
Your majesty, I love you all all a Come for your curfet


I boogie for the whist revolution will not be apologized for
Warbucks exlex megaphone on the fashion piggy pageant
While my dick's raw-dogg in a style magnet
Fraggle rock your four figure watch
I clock ninety-nine cent wristbands
And still know the time when you record flops
And this is on a sick with it factor
Exhibit A, E, S, Genesis of the klepto reactor
Wanna burgle the buzz over definitive cast
After a life of labor camps starts paying innovaters back
Baby, you ain't felt the core (damn to the sky with diamoffire.
Sand* 10)
Your corner stories in parts and with her symbols
See the joudly dnand way [to build with
I never mind it say advance to burn the pesants into leaders
And we know the differences between the walkers and the sleepers


In a siphon to lure and a bad not (like this)
Get up to get down now (like this)
Get up to get down now (like this)
Get up to get down now (alright)
I don't wanna do it anymore
Couldn't do it if I tried, wouldn't do it if I wanted it


OChacinah clippers playing the precious that calling aprogram
Tunnage another hearts when the frosted
I sunk to find the walk beneath the mosses
Where the planted tunnel pass after the rains have run their courses
But alas the portraits of these frosted corpses tortured in the grass
Off of distorts or pour the one tall glass and nauseous
And I'm asking you, why's this spy supply hiding in strangers
When they know atop the food chains I could spot biters for acres
Now be gracious, these minstools turn a bully's psycho civil
By dissolving the candy coated image to roach off
Yeah I ain planet makeship story way ridewies
But never gave me to rock bottom
Spot em with their carelessness
The urge could burst to turn even those hazardous to militant
You can't even have half of free second
The beat comes gelatin
You gotta aim, fire and the spider be model veteran
Buried in merit badges
I'm stuck in the center and could care less
About the eye of the storm and it's monstrous measurements
I got a defense that I call coolin' with my brethren
Sometimes I get wet
But it's better than risking life and limb to me, don't you agree?


Chorus 4x


If you wanna push, than I'm ready to push
But if you pulling while I'm pushing
Then why did you ask me to push?


Vision for the footage, I'm only blue in the durium and how to end I plow
Might out of was one life colors to the train
That's a textbook page
For my seed up in flames


Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables
Curators cater to killers of innovators
I'm a staple.


No batteries no jumper cables


Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables


They only came to buff the name stuck to the train
That's a textbook page
For my seed up in flames


Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables


They only came to buff the name stuck to the train
That's a textbook page
For my seed up in flames


Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables


They only came to buff the name stuck to the train
That's a textbook page
For my seed up in flames


Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables


They only came to buff the name stuck to the train
That's a textbook page
For my seed up in flames


Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No batteries
Catapult
Jump motherfuckers
No cables


They only came to buff the name stu