

Tha Hottest Nikka Under Tha Sun
Ain't Nobodi Fuckin' Wit Me Mayn
Ha!
Ay-Ay-Ay-Aye, You Alreadi Know Dat Pimpin'
Ca$h-Money Records Where Dreams Come True
Fuck Up My Dreams! --Somebodi Gon' Die Tonite
Ay-Ay-Ay-Aye, You Alreadi Know Dat Pimpin'
Aye, It's Ca$h-Money Records, man a lawless gang


Un-Fuckin'-Believable, Lil' Wayne's Tha President
Fuck 'em Fuck 'em Fuck 'em, Even If They selibant
I Know Tha Game Is Crazi, It's Mo' Crazi Then It's Ever Been
I'm Married To Dat Crazi bitch, Call Me Kevin Federline
It's Obvious Dat He'll Be Ca$h-Money To Tha Death Of Him
Tha Ground Shall Break When They Burry Him, Burry Him?
I Know One Day They Gotta Burry Him
But I Lock My Casket Tight Baby, So I Don't Let Tha Devil In
Nikka It's Just Me And My Guitar
Yeah bitch I'm Heavy Medalin
You Can Get Tha Fuckin' +Led Zepelin+
Nikkas Is bitches, bitches I Think They
Full Of Estrigen And We Hold Court
N Take your Life for a Settlement
Yes I'm Tha Best, And No I Ain't Positive--I'm Definite
I Know Tha Game Like I'm Reffin' It
This Is Tha Carter--Tha Carter Iii, Tha New Testiments
And I'm A God, And This Is What I Bless em' wit
Bitch
I'm Me!
I'm Me!
I'm Me!
I'm Me!
Baby, I'm Me!
So, Who You!
You Not Me!
You Not Me!
And I Know Dat Ain't Fair
But I Don't Care, I'm'a Mothaphuckin' Ca$h-Money Millionaire
I Know Dat Ain't Fair
But I Don't Care, I'm'a Mothaphuckin' Ca$h-Money Millionaire


Junior!
Prrrrrrrrrr (Doin' Tha Byrdcall)
It's Ca$h-Money Over Everythang
It's In My Blood I Feel It Runnin in Every Vein
I'm From Tha Mudd, I am A Missile Like A Scud
Wha's Realli Good, I'm 'bout Dat Rukus Like Fud
And I Stay On My Flow, Ca$h-Money Like A Rug
Tide To the Fuckin Birdman Like A Lung
And Dear Mista Ronald Williams, To You
I Shall Fo'ever Give Thanks Like A Pillgrim
Ca$h-Money Million, Air To Da Throne
Goin' At They Heads Like A Hair In A Comb
Sittin' By Tha Window, I Just Stare At Tha Stove


Though I Might Get Through It Like A Hair In A Comb
Young Money Over bitches
My Nikka Trust My Senses
And I Will Take A Dare As the Lord Is My Witness
And You all have Witnessed, But I am Not Finished
So Keep Ya Mouf Closed, And Let your Eyes Listin
(Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye...)
Bitch, I'm Me!
I'm Me
I'm Me!
Baby, I'm Me!
So, Who You!
You Not Me!
You Not Me!
And I Know Dat Ain't Fair
But I Don't Care, I'm'a Mothaphuckin' Ca$h-Money Millionaire
I Know Dat Ain't Fair
But I Don't Care, I'm'a Still A Mothaphuckin' Ca$h-Money Millionaire
Bitch


Last Year They Had The Grammy's And Left Me In Miami
Sleepin' On A Nikka Like I'm Rappin In My 'jammies
I'm Rappin' When You Sleep, I Was Rappin' When You
Were In Jammies Mel Gibson Flow Leathal Weapon, Book 'em Danny
I'm'a Monsta I Tell You, Monsta Wayne
I have Just swallowed Tha Key to Tha House Of Pain Now
I'm Stuck Here To Deal Wit Tha House's Pain
Fuck Wit Me, I Will Peel Like Tha House's Paint
Lets Go niggas don't Wanna See Me
Cause My Better Than Bo
The Only Time I Will Depend Is When
I'm Seventy Years Old that's When I can't
Hold My shit With-in So I shit On My Self
Cuz I'm So Sick And Tired Of Shitin On Everybody Else
I'm Tryin To Tell Ya Like I'm Sayin Sumthin I'm From Da
Dirty Like Da Bottom Of My Pants Cuff
And aint Nuttin Gone Stop Me So Just Envy It
Hey I'll Accept A Friendly Quit
(Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye...)
I'm Me
I'm Me
Bitch I'm Me
Baby I'm Me
So Who You
Fuck You
Your Not Me
And I Kno That Aint Fair But I don't Care I'm A Mothaphuckin' Ca$h-Money Millionaire
I Kno That Aint Fair But I don't Care I am A Mothaphuckin' Ca$h-Money Millionaire
Bitch
Tha Hottest Nikka Under Tha Sun
Ain't Nobodi Fuckin' Wit Me Mayn
Ay-Ay-Ay-Aye, You Alreadi Know Dat Pimpin'
Ca$h-Money Records Where Dreams Come True
Fuck Up My Dreams! --Somebodi Gon' Die Tonite
Ay-Ay-Ay-Aye, You Alreadi Know Dat Pimpin'
Aye, It's Ca$h-Money Records, Mayne A Lawless Game


I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki


Yeah, hustlin on my city streets
Tryna make end's meet I bought my first ki( I bought my frist ki, my first ki)
In 93 and we was gettin 'em like for 25
Columbian connect, homey we was gettin fly
We on the grind and our nuts got bigga
And every day we in the muthafuckin hood our guns got bigga
Stuntin on them niggas, gettin money stayin fly every day a nigga spendin
Ridin 25s and we blazin gettin high, nigga showin off his ride
Crusin through the beach nigga rollin in them bimmers
Them people pull me over hatin cause they can't see us
Know i got the money (laws won't leave me alone)
Now they actin funny cuz they know a nigga strong
Money long and we comin


I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)


I ain't have to touch a piece of work since '94
I lost my daddy in '96 and started makin moves
In '98 (i got a brand new lexus coupe)
(now them laws won't leave me alone)
They pull me over, lock me up, i bail out on my own
I call my poppa on the phone, tell him cook up a zone
I leave a house with a pocket full of stones
Got them hoes slangin, hidin packs in they titties
Them small chest bitches gotta put it in they butt
(20s in them they can't fuck wit us)
I got so many hoes
(it's to the flow or i don't see, don't know)
(now they won't leave me alone)
Man i got so much dough
(it's to the flow or i don't see, don't know)
(now they won't leave me alone)
Weezy baby d boy


I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)


And i ain't touch a mothafuckin ki since '04
And that's the word that we servin, look that's all we know
Them niggas talkin shit but we the niggas wit the cash flo'
(i still smoke that weed, smoke that smoke that smoke that weed)
And i'm back on the beach and we blowin out the whole beat
My ak mack eleven represent the 3
Gangsta like a mothafucka me and my homies


Yeah, my nigga rabbit was a og
My momma husband that's what show me (my first ki)
Yup, then you know i had to be a hustla
I started sellin hubbers


Gucci bay bay, fresh black adidas
Rollin on a pill, rollin up some reefers
Declining all the kieshas
Replying to the kims
Still knockin boots like hammers on tims
Imma motha fucka baby
Weezy f baby
Yea I get it wet and I keep it wet baby
I can make a dyke say she leavin that lady
I can make a lady say she leavin that
Pussy as nigga that gave her that baby
Now she wit
Weezy f weezy f weezy f weezy f baby
Hahahaha weezy f baby hahahahaha
Watcha gone watcha gone watcha gone do
When nina ross come and put that pussy on you
You probly still a virgin and imma bust
Your girls cherry
And imma come through in something so cherry
I'm sittin on perellis
Bumpin makivelli
Showed your girlfriend my house
She think I live in Italy
Just bought a jet I'm bout to take that bitch to la
Bitch I neva met I'm bout to meet that bitch in la


Oooh I'm feelin myself
I'm so fly shawty think I really fly stealth
I'm so paid shawty I could really buy a stealth
And I'm feeling my belt and I'm feelin my sneaks
Cuz I don't see them on anybody
Got the semi by me
For anybody
Yeaaa I'm from up town
Yeaaa I'm from up town
Yeaaa I'm from up town
Eastside
I'm lightin up to blunts at one time
And I thank god I can say fuck one time
I'm sippin out two cups at one time
And I thank god I can say fuck one time
Fuck one time
Fuck one time
Fuck one time
Thank god
Louis V bag All black hammer
Louis V shoes wit tha lil bandana
The Louis phonecase for the sidekick case
Might put a lv on the side of my bitch face
Man ima dog, I go so hard
Man ima dog boutta come in yo' yard
Boutta, boutta come in yo' lady
Weezy f weezy f weezy f baaby
Haha
Weezy f weezy f weezy f baaby
Hahahah
And Young Mula baby


Can't forget that
How would you do that
I beat that track til that bitch blue black its
Weezy f tha monster, even F ya mama
Even ask ya mama, leave ya next to mama
You are so pussy gonorrheas your aroma
Blind gynecologist could see that you're vagina
Me me me turn beef to bologna
And ya girl ridin me like a honda
Better yet she ride me like Travis Pastrana
Fuck the X Games, its ecstasy games
Show me a mirror cause I'm so glad to meet wayne
And I'm feelin myself
So fly shawty think I really fly stealths
And I'm so paid shawty I can really buy stealths
And I'm feelin my belt, I'm feelin my sneaks cause
I ain't never seen em on anybody
Got the semi by me for anybody
Yeah I from uptown yeah I from uptown
Yeah I'm from uptown, Eastside!


Yessir!
They can't stop me... Even if they stopped me ha ha ha yea


I'm on it ooh I'm on it I'm so on it and how ever you want it
You can get it tonight hoe
And all night hoe I get the beat from


(Mistro)
A fuckin right hoe
I might go crazy on these niggas I don't give a Motherfuck
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up what!
What I don't give a Motherfuck get cha baby kidnapped
And ya baby motherfucked
It's tha Carter 3 bitch better put ya supper up
Holly grove I throw it up like I'm tryna lose my gut
Fuck is up beat him up like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffeled up for the fuck of it
Shit get on my level you can't get on my level
You gone need a space shuttle or a ladder that's forever
However I'm better if not now than never
Don't you ever fix ya lips unless you bout to suck my dick
Bitch swallow my words taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty spit it back at me
Two more inches I'da been in that casket
According to the doctor I could of died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches like Magic
Abra-cadabra I'm up like Viagra
I just do this shit for my click like Adam Sandler
I control hip hop and I'ma keep it on my channel
Watch me!
Bitch watch me!
Bitch watch me!
But they cannot see me like Hitler
It's the New Orleans Nightmare
Money so old it's growin white hair
Young Money baby
Yeah we right here
I'ma make sure we ball till we fall like tears
And mama don't cry
Ya son can handle his
I got her out the hood and put her in the hills
Yeah when I was fourteen I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough I got Miss Cita in a better place
When I was fourteen I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough we did exactly what I say
I told my girl when you fuck me better fuck me good
Cause if another girl could she gon fuck me good
No sittin at the table if you bringin nothin to it
And I get straight to it like it's nothin to it
Yea I got game like Stuart...Scott
Fresh out the espn shop
And when sports in the poppin
E'ery thang stoppin but you can't fool me I know what you watchin
Me!
You watch me
You watch me
Cause I be
Wee-Zy must see T. V.
C3 nigga that's me
And I'm me I'm me
Times three so retreat or suffer defeat
I'm back 3 peat.
C33333333


Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch


Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritzer
Swagger down pat, call my shit Patricia
Young Money militia, and I am the commissioner
You don't want start Weezy, 'cause the F is for Finisher
So misunderstood, but what's a World without enigma?
Two bitches at the same time, synchronized swimmers
Got the girl twisted 'cause she open when you twist her
Never met the bitch, but I f-ck her like I missed her
Life is the bitch, and death is her sister
Sleep is the cousin, what a f-ckin' family picture
You know father time, we all know mother nature
It's all in the family, but I am of no relation
No matter who's buying, I'm a celebration
Black and white diamonds, f-ck segregation
F-ck that shit, my money up, you n-ggas just Honey Nut
Young Money running shit and you n-ggas just runner-ups
I don't feel I done enough, so I'ma keep on doing this shit
Lil Tunechi or Young Tunafish


Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot bunch


I'm going back in
Okay, I lost my mind, it's somewhere out there stranded
I think you stand under me if you don't understand me
Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy
But hoes gon' be hoes, so I couldn't blame Tammy
Just talked to moms, told her she the sweetest
I beat the beat up, call it self defense
Swear man, I be seeing through these n-ggas like sequins
N-ggas think they He-Men, pow, pow, the end
Talking to myself because I am my own consultant
Married to the money, f-ck the world, that's adultery
You full of sh-t, you close your mouth and let yo ass talk


Young Money eating, all you haters do is add salt
Stop playing, bitch, I got this game on deadbolt
Mind so sharp, I f-ck around and cut my head off
Real n-gga all day and tomorrow
But these muthaf-ckas talking crazy like they jaw broke
Glass half empty, half full, I'll spill ya
Try me and run into a wall, outfielder
You know I'ma ball 'til they turn off the field lights
The fruits of my labor, I enjoy 'em while they still ripe
Bitch, stop playing, I do it like a king do
If these n-ggas animals, then I'ma have a mink soon
Tell 'em bitches I say put my name on the wall
I speak the truth, but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all
And I call it like I see it, and my glasses on
But most of y'all don't get the picture 'less the flash is on
Satisfied with nothing, you don't know the half of it
Young Money, Cash Money
Paper chasing, tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya"
Bitch, real G's move in silence like lasagna
People say I'm borderline crazy, sorta kinda
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her
You n-ggas are gelatin, peanuts to an elephant
I got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Yeah, with a swag you would kill for
Money too strong, pockets on bodybuilder
Jumped in a wishing well, now wish me well
Tell 'em kiss my ass, call it kiss and tell


Word to my mama, I'm out of my lima bean
Don't wanna see what that drama mean, get some Dramamine
Llama scream, hotter than summer sun on a Ghana queen
Now all I want is hits, bitch, Wayne signed a fiend
I played the side for you n-ggas that's tryna front, and see
Son of Gunz, Son of Sam, you n-ggas the son of me
Pause for this dumber speech, I glow like Buddha
Disturb me, and you'll be all over the flow like Luda
Bitch, I flow like scuba, bitch, I'm bald like Cuba
And I keep a killer ho, she gon' blow right through ya
I be macking, 'bout my stacking, now I pack like a mover
Shout to ratchet for backing out on behalf of my shooter
N-ggas think they high as I, I come laugh at your ruler
Cash Money cold, bitch, but our actions is cooler
Wayne, these n-ggas out they mind
I done told these f-ck n-ggas, so many times
That I keep these bucks steady on my mind
Tuck these, I f-ck these on your mind, pause
To feed them, on my grind, did I get a little love?
Keep throwing my sign in the middle
Hit 'em up, piece on my side, 'cause ain't no peace on my side, bitch
I'm a man, I visit urinals abroad
Tune told me to, I'm shooting when the funeral outside
I'm uptown, thoroughbred, a bx n-gga, ya heard?
Gunna


{Cassidy speaks in the beginning and between each verse}


Yeah, I go by the name of Cassidy the Hustler
And I brought two of my niggaz with me
And we about to shut the industry down
Aiyyo Wheezy let's get it poppin!


Hit me!
Front that shit this the south side, got a fat dick on your mouth wide
I've come to take outside, nah do it right here
Hop out later owning on everybody's home that you fuckin with
Wheezy F baby, please say the baby
Riding with your bitch got keys on the lady
Triple gold these four tires on the whip
Young Carter sliding out I'm flyer than the whip
Yeah, higher than an angel, or hotter than the devil
The pot or kettle, uh
The metal let 'em burn like Earth shiver births, uh
If there's any beef I come running like Mertz, uh
Word up, eagle street I'm throwing my curve up
We take your ice cream and turn you into sherbert
I got flow I'm like "Sure" but, if it's about dough I'm like "Sure 'nuff"
I'm from the bird bunch, Birdman Jr. You niggaz bird lunch
I see your lips moving but I ain't heard much
You see the wirst moving, it look like pure punch
I hear the playa hating but I don't endorse such
I got the Escalade, guts like the tour bus
I got the styrofoam poured up with syrup
And in the tires little package is gone
Might I spend a good deal with these Firestones
I spit like Myer's bones, born in chromers
For the buyers chromosomes I got summers
I got vicadens, valiums I ain't stopping
Got pot and heroin, ex, oxycontin
And that's how we rocking
How can you hear that bop unless I'm be-bopping
Yeah skip when you hear that click
Cash money nigga I'm that shit
I leave the begging ungh!


That's what I'm talking about
Now Fab, spit at these niggaz and let them know why they ain't fuckin with you


Your goddamn right I'm feeling myself
A chauffeur no sir, I'm wheeling myself
Looking for a chick chilling for self
So I can show her the suicides and talk her into killing herself
I'm having problems dealing with wealth
But you wouldn't understand it, until you get a million yourself
You niggaz must've got a deal for your health
Your cd is frozen food, it just chills on the shelf
I spend big, at any time I can start splurging
The twin cigs open chests like a heart surgeon
And I'm buttoned up, I'm just a blue collar crook
But I keep a stack thick as few college books
I got a new polished look
And twenty dime bitches, to show y'all niggaz how my two dollars look
The boy's got at least six digits on
So the guns gotta be at least midget long
The money, is like ten bridges long
I throw bread around just to turn pigeons on
I got some good smoke just for puffers
The two grand twenty's make the hustlers suffer
Plus it's fluffer, than a cotton ball
I've gotten calls wanting me to put the pot in malls
But nowadays you can't put it past 'em
I got a Dan Marino arm, I'm bout to throw some bullets past 'em
And the niggaz in the hood keep quoting my lines
I don't jump ship I keep floating in mine
Long as I keep toting I'm fine
I'mma have these dick sucking niggaz deep-throating the nine
I jumped in the English ship, Benzed whip
It's Terminator 2 chrome the engines dip
I'm reading scripts no, not the penmanship (no)
The box-office shit (yeah), I box off this bitch (yeah)
Jessica Alba, Kirsten Dunst
And still make a mil' off the first of months
These dudes be the first to front
'Til they family and friends is in limos, they in hearse in front
I'm in the top position, I can make you a proposition
I'm in the hard top waiting on the drop edition
To hell with the patience
I'mma send a nigga down under like Australia vacations


Yeah it is what it is, my niggaz just killed y'all and I'mma close the casket
I'm tryin not to let this industry get the best of me y'all
I work hard in the game, the game's stressing me y'all
All they do is complain what they expect from me y'all
From the hood to Hollywood they respecting me y'all
And even overseas they accepting me y'all
All the ladies show me love, the thugs repping me y'all
I get a lot of dirty money so respect me or fall
But I'm saving all my checks, I'm investing 'em all
They say, what goes up is gon' definitely fall
Even the stars work success, it's my destiny y'all
Look, I cook tracks I got the recipe y'all
You can't name another cat that can mess with me y'all
At the shows all the hoes be molesting me y'all
I got broads crying trying to get next to me y'all
I got broads craving begging to have s** with me y'all
Screaming, "Cash you don't know how sexy you are!"
And I'm happy I'm alive, God's blessing me y'all
And all the problems that arrive is God testing me y'all
So I pray everyday but I ain't praying too much
Cause I be sinning everyday so I ain't praying enough
And we all could be beat, and I ain't saying I'm tough
But if it's beef I don't speak, I ain't saying "What's up"
If it's beef when we meet then I'm spaying shit up
Prraat prraat. I ain't saying too much and that's that
Cause that cat you embracing with love
Might clap that gat cause he got hate in his blood
Keep your friends at a distance and your enemies close
Cause the folks you call friends can envy the most
Some cats'll hang themselves if you give 'em a rope
Burn the bridge and don't give a boat, let 'em sink
Sometimes you gotta give 'em some some time to let 'em think
But sometimes you gotta give 'em the nine and let 'em stink
You can't bring every horse to the pond and let 'em drink
I'd rather keep my eyes wide open instead of blink
As soon as your eyes shut, them niggaz will ride up
And the guys that you trusted be getting you tied up
And we all gotta die, but I ain't ready to leave
That's why even if it's petty I'll be ready to squeeze
But put a cheddar in cheese, guac-a-moola
I pop the ruger, send that hot shit through ya!
Like booya! That's the sound when the pound busting
Ooh, ah, you'll be laying on the ground suffering
Clowning's nothing to pull out and blast you
I try to only resort to violence if I have to
But man niggaz out here are playing fair
So before the odds are even I'm leaving them laying there
And I ain't even playing believe what I'm saying here
Cause before this shit gets further your click gets murdered
And found in a hole in the grass
For trying to play that thug role I'll stomp a mud hole in your ass
And this Cass, nigga I'm that sick
Full Surface nigga I'm that shit, bitch!


And When They Hear The New Weezy All The Dough Boyz Go Crazy
And Watch The Dough Boyz Go Crazy
Weezy F. Ya Heard Yea I Do It For The Money Baby that's My Word
And When They Hear That New Weezy It Remind Them Of That Old Baby
93 94 Baby Yea The 4 Man Stunna Yea The Real Bird Man
I'm The Bird Man Jr O0o


(Verse1)
Yea I'm Trapped In The Game As A Yougin No Sistah No Brothaz
All I Had Was Some Money (Yea)
Learn How To Work The Stove And The Oven
In The Kitchen Trynna Make A 20 Turn In To A 100 (Yea)
The Pot Runnin Over Wit Hot Water
Throw A 8 Ball In It Watch It Come Back Harder (Harder)
The Come Back Kid Come Back Harder Yea
That's What They Screamin Loud As Eritha
And For Them Franklins We Pop At The Ceaser
Ridin Round Wit The Whole Block With The Speakers(Yea)
We In Miami We Stoppin At Teasers (Yea)
Have A Cigar And A Shot Of Teqila
I Use To Wear 2 Socks With My Snickers (Hey)
Back When I Was Puttin All My Rocks In My Snickers
Yea But Now I'm Rockin Ya Speakers
I'm All Grown Up Now I'm Rockin With Divas Yea
I Could Rock 'em To Sleep
But I Rather Be At Home Straight Rockin The Kibeler
I'm Up In Traffic Bobbin And Weavin
I'm In And Out Like pussy And penis
It's Lunch Time I'm A Cook Up Genious(Yea)
20 For Serina 10 For The Venus
Yea I Can Get Cha Higher Then A Tennis Skirt
Neva Filled Out A Application Got Plenty Work


And When They Hear The New Weezy All The Dough Boyz Go Crazy
And Watch Da Dough Boyz Go Crazy
Weezy F. Ya Heard Yea I Do It For The Money Baby that's My Word
And When They Hear That New Weezy It Remind Dem Of That Old Baby
93 94 Baby Yea The 4 Man Stunna Yea The Real Bird Man
I'm The Bird Man Jr O0o


(Verse2)
I'm Lookin At 24 Bricks On Da Counter
I'll Make Them Dissapear In 24 Hours Gone (Yea)
I'm Really So Honest The Hot Boii Shyt it's Really So Behind Us
You On Some New Shyt You Niccas can't Find Us
That's Like Lookin In The Ruff For A Diamond
We Might Make A Nicca Up On Assignment
And For The Rest it's Like We Keep An Eye On Them
Bussiness Bad fuck you Pay Me
Oh You Had A Buyer fuck you Pay Me
I'm Might Run Through 80 In A Week
But I Can Make A Quarter Million Dollahz Off 1 Street
Top In The Game Off 1 Feet
Then I Landed On 2 And I Walked On Through
What Can You Do When You Living Like Me
Get Fly In The House Leave The Pimpin In The Street
As Quiet As A Mouse When You Dippin Through The Street
If You Lookin For Some Work Probably Run Into Me
And On The Humble The Number Still Cheap
But The Judge Got Numbers For A Nicca To Steep
Yea From A Youngin To A G
Weezy Baby From Bundle To A Key


And When They Hear The New Weezy All The Dough Boyz Go Crazy
And Watch Da Dough Boyz Go Crazy
Weezy F. Ya Heard Yea I Do It For The Money Baby that's My Word
And When They Hear That New Weezy It Remind Dem Of That Old Baby
93 94 Baby Yea The 4 Man Stunna Yea The Real Bird Man
I'm The Bird Man Jr O0o


(Verse3)
I Remember Had A Mouth Full A Gold Outta Control
And Jump In This Game Upon 1 Roll
And Got The Game Of The Floor Got The Game On The Low
Nicca Cookin This Rome Dough
Neva Thought When I See The Light I'll See The Limo Tints Grindin With The Street Strips
This The Family Homie Where G's Man Up With The Hammers Only
I'm Where The Danger B Nicca Where Eye Contact Will Get You Natural Beef bitch
Nicca Where Lil G'z Have Big Straps Back In The Game The G's Had The Big Macs Yea
Call Your National Guard Niccas Cuz We don't Give A fuck Well Pull Yo Car Nicca Shyt
And Have It G'd For Iced Up Loaded With bitch Niccas Stunna Islands Same Night
And I Remember When I 1st Saw Puff Nicca I Was In The Projects Camoflaged Up Nicca
Like fuck Them Shiners Suits We Hood Nicca White Tee's Is What We Do
Yea We Young And Tuff Nicca fuck The Other Foes There Weeds Is Standin Up
Nicca Jumped In The Same Lane Same Niccas All Shouting Out The Same Thang
Like 93 wasn't A Shame A Nicca Playin With Me And I'll Bust His Mother Fuckin Brain
I'll Cook A Thang Nicca Give It To The Lil Homie Keep The Change Nicca
Deep Boys Deep In The Flame Know It Aint Nothing But The Bling Bling Came
Certified Of Made Man Me And The J. Are So Kiss A Nicca Pinky Ring


And When They Hear The New Weezy All The Dough Boyz Go Crazy
And Watch The Dough Boyz Go Crazy
Weezy F. Ya Heard Yea I Do It For The Money Baby that's My Word
And When They Hear That New Weezy It Remind Dem Of That Old Baby
93 94 Baby Yea The 4 Man Stunna Yea The Real Bird Man
I'm The Bird Man Jr O0o


Yo This Is The Dedication To The bitches
To The Women ya Digg
A bitch Is A Female Dog (Preach)
And They Say A Dog Is A Mens Best Friend
(We Men) Alright Now
So Ah I Just Wanna Say To All The Ladies
Um [laughs] What You Gotta Say [laughs]
Yea I Just Wanna Say To All The Ladies That We Love Ya'll
And All The Single Mothers Out There Keep Ya Head Up
When You Do What You Do You Do It Well
And Shout Out To My Mother she's A Wonderful Mother
And Everybody Else Mothers
And Everybody In This Room Mothers
Shout Out To All Our Mothers Ya Digg
We Love All Ya'll Happy Mothers Day
Even When It Aint Without Ya'll We Wouldn't Be Here
Yes!
That Was A beautiful Dedication Right There To The Women
Shout Out To My Daughter Your Daughter Too (mmhmm)


A Millionaire,
I'm a Young Money Millionaire, tougher than Nigerian hair,
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair,
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed...
Threw the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind,
Cause I don't write shit cause I ain't got time,
Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the all mighty dollar,
And the al mighty power of dat chit cha cha cha chopper,
Sister, Brother, Son, Daughter, Father motha fuck a copper,
Got da Maserati dancin on the bridge pussy poppin,
Tell the coppers... Hahahaha you can't catch em, you can't stop em,
I go by them goon rules if you can't beat em then you pop em,
You can't man em then you mop em,
You can't stand em then you drop em,
You drop em cause we pop em like Orville Redenbacher,


I'm millie in here with them Young Money Milli on aires,
Think you wheelie pop a wheelie in air,
Mac Milli... The Vanilli's in here... I'm a rascal don't get whopped,
I get brats who don't give top, ("meaning he gets girls who play hard to give it up")
I get tassel, pass you with a flow you could never put a brake on,
An I break on anything a nigga take on,
Feel the napalm from my trey arm, straight long, throw a nigga like I'm Akon,
Cause I make cons... Where the base gone, get the base blown,
Let the Pistons on that chopper come on cops I'm kamikaze drop a rock with them Obamas,
Illie in the mind, really with the nine, milli when I rhyme, silly anytime,
Fine, chilly gitty on da grind, Shitty on a dime, Penny on the line,
Plentys in me, any guinea's with em bigger than a mini and remind I'm...
Millie and it's all off G piece and a P... G walk by Beep Beep,
With a freak, skeet, Hawk Out, big feet on a jeep...
She caught by Weezy F, we be the best,
Truly to death prove me the rest,
Groupies confess, you be the ref, excuse me I left... Ha


A millionaire I'm a young money millionaire
What chyall really want it naw
Y'all don't really wanna do it
If hip hop is dead I am the embalming fluid
And I don't care who it be, I'm steppin to it
Notice I say 'it' cause to me, it ain't shit
Get. It.
Call me whatcha like trick
Call me on my sidekick
Never answer when it's private
Man I hate a shy chick
Don't you hate a shy chick?
I had a plate of shy chick and she ain't shy no mo'
She changed her name to my chick
Hahaha, yea boy that's my girl
And she pops excellent up in Wayne's world
Totally dude you should
See their faces when they see that
This robot can move
And it say...
Hahaha, yea
And it go...
That's right


A millionaire I'm a
Young money cash money fast money
Slow money mo' money neva no money
What is that, who is that, I never heard of it
I will take your picture and make a 'rest in peace' shirt of it
Tell those nigga* beatin to make a rest in peace shirt of me cause I
Killed and now don't tell no one you heard of me
It's like, the beat was screamin, murder me
And I'm a, murderer
So I murdered it


And you nigga* is what I eatin I'll make sure of it
And he who don't believe me I'll make dessert of him
Sherbet him, I mean
Shame on him, or her Carter, Father, Of


This rap thang, this is my race
Gon' take a lap man weezy babys nursery
Now gon' take a nap man, it's nap time
I'll holla back at you at snack time


Weezy... F... Yeah, ok
They say I'm rappin like Big, Jay, and Tupac
Andre 3 Thousand where is erykah badu at
Who dat
Who dat said they gon' beat Lil Wayne
My name ain't bic, but I keep that flame boy
Who dat one
Dat do dat boy
Y'all knew dat
True dat swallow
And I be the shhhh
Now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I'd like for you to pay me by the hour
Hahaha
And I'd rather be pushing flowers,
Than to be in the pen sharing showers
See Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in the garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy I got so many girls like I'm Michael Lowry
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me


Man, life, just ain't life, without me
Hip hop just ain't hip hop, without me
Young moola baby


Remix Baby... Yup, I'm back, as a matta fact, I ain't go nowhere
This right here is the free mix... Digg,
This for errbody, this for ya'll, no charge, just because... Na mean?
Let's Go.
Ok, A millie sold first day I went gold how do I celebrate work on the carter 4
Yup, I ain't here to brag nor boast, this is simply an attempt to thank you the most
You the fan, you the man, and to my female audience I hope you use sanitizer cuz I'm kissin all ya hands
All my plans is well executed
This that electric music, you can get electrocuted
You know I extra do it, they say I'm the best to do
I say I'm better than who next to do it or whoever do it
They could never do it like me, I C O N, or you could call me mr. I go in
Boy you don't know nutthin bout me I am hip hop's proof
While they was hangin around I got that Slipknot loose
I am Notorious, I'm 2pac in Juice
I'm the dude in Mark Weedn Rainbow but in Roots,
No fruit, no sweet
Which mc next shawty rappas like Sub Way and I eat fresh Yes
Be blessed such a mes ss that you can't clean
I'm dirty like feins yes
I'm king, I do it like obscene, or been here before or between
Your hoe or your queen
You know wadda mean, yea you know water dry
And you know carter tri, can you picture carter five?
Now put ya eyes at camera no recorder all live
And yup I rep that beehive, red flag on my levis
I hallo to the east side, I been a beast since I was knee high
But now I'm grown til I'm tree high
As a matta fact I'm in the sky, as a matta fact I'm in the ride of every black and the white human being
Can't forget about the Europeans, n the Asians, n the Haitians, the Jamaicans, the whole nation, if I forgot ya I don't hate ya that's just my human nature yeeee digg!
I'm fire like a cig, break ya off like a twig, swear I'm iron like brig
Flow dyin, not sick
I am triumph, I'm big
Ask ya girl she agree, she been on me since they been callin me lil weezy wee
But now it's Weezy F. Baby don't forget the F Baby
Yea you know I was gon say it, yea you know you wan say it
I'm the greatest, I'm always better than my latest but back to yo girlfriend I got her wetter than a bathing suit, shoot to kill never to hurt, Weezy tippin yay the definition of hard work
Even the humble Jay said that this is well deserved
He said I'm doin my thang, I said well shit you did it first, Thank You
Men lie, women lie, numbers don't
So I moved outta my condo and into the bank vault
Record sales... Bank Teller say hahah...
Shout out to every dj, bootleggers, I made histor-y anyway
In the way, they said I couldn't
Shout out to Young Money cuz without them I couldn't
Shout out to Cash Money cuz without them I coudln't
Shout out to Universal cuz without them I couldn't
Shout out to my friends cuz without them I couldn't
Shout out to my daughter cuz without her I wouldn't
Mad rappers look on the bright side
I sold 1. 5 Hip Hop is alive
Hahahh thank you everybody
Young mullah baby!


I see you with your palms in your pants
But me, me, see me, I got the world in my hands
I make it spin on my finger
I'm a critical thinker
I'm a hell of a smoker, and a bit of a drinker
I know your name, yea
Your name is "unimportant"
We in the belly of the beast
And she thinking bout abortion


I woke up this morning, dick rock hard
Ashed my blunt in my grammy award
You can save your bullshit on your memory card
If this real nigga business, then you niggas unemployed
Jumped on the celly, called makaveli
He says he was gravy, I say I was jelly
Looked in the mirror, said "you's an I'll nigga"
Now I think I'll have me a coffee with six sugars
In a world full of ass-kissers and dick pullers
I'm trying to walk a straight line but the line crooked
I'm shooting for the stars, astronauts dodge bullets
Yea, I bought a brand new attitude
The haters music to my ears, I got my dancing shoes
Sometimes we question shit that there is no answer to
But I just built a house on "I don't give a fuck" avenue




Down on the ceiling, looking up at the bed
Life is a gamble better check the point spread
And when life sucks, I just enjoy the head
I'm so sick of these niggas, I need meds
Smoking on a hallelujah, thank you jesus
Help me focus on the future, and not the previous
Double are, I'm a rebel with a reason
Sometimes you gotta fight the devil with a demon
Blood is in the streets and it is up to my knees
Underground shit, I see myself as a seed
Living in the glass, and everybody's looking
How can you get the picture, if you don't know who took it?
This current affairs, but who the hell cares?
Everybody's fighting over position, musical chairs
On the road to redemption, go on and use a few stairs
I'm just fucking ready so I come prepared




And the rockets red glare
The bombs bursting in air
Life is a rollercoaster but still unfair
A blessing in disguise
Says thank you for our eyes
But since it is in disguise
We don't know that it's there
And I...


I know your name...


Young desperado straight out the grotto
I'm so bad my shadow chooses not to follow
Little nigga but see me as a fuckin' rhino
Lil Weezy hit this bitch like Rocky Marciano
It's a drought ain't it? How the fuck would I know?
Nigga I been gettin' my Cher in (share in) like Sonny Bono
I ran the streets... Check my bio
I started high wit' two O's just like Ohio
I'm fuckin' nuts... Cashews
But I'm so dc like fat shoes
I skate away... Like later dudes!
Never get caught baby I'm mashed potato smooth
And just when it stopped... I made it move
Respect me nigga I'm a dog... No Asian food
I wet up the party so have a bathin' suit
And daisy dukes you bitch ass nigga


Keep talkin' that shit that you talkin'
And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... Keep talkin' that shit that you talkin'
And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... 'Cause you aint really even 'bout all that
You ain't really even 'bout all that
And don't'cha forget.. I know ya you ain't 'bout all that
You ain't never been about all that... Fall back


niggaz must want Joey to lean on 'em
Flash the binky splash his dreams on 'em
Let 'em sleep on it it's nothin' to Crack
Lay the murder game down back to hustlin' packs
Yeah Weezy homie's got yo' back whether raps or macks
Either way they both spit like brrrrat!
Nigga... Them muhfuckas is broke like them levies
And we done sold so much dope ain't shit you tell me
nigga... How you want it?? Coke or dog food?
My shit'll have you runnin' naked like an old school
And yeah we 'bout it 'bout it and you ain't ridin' on me
Unless ya got a whole fuckin' suicidal warmin'
And I'm a rider homie and you can find it on me
That 40 cal'll get you??
This shit is funny to me
All these niggaz frontin' war but they runnin' from me... Crack!




I had 'em as lil' niggaz raised 'em 'round real niggaz
Poppin' bottles fuckin' wit' them bitches nigga
Made money to the ceilin' me and my young nigga
Chillin' I'm in the streets hustlin' gettin' money nigga
Changed all my new shoes nigga got some new tools
nigga got some mo' jewels we was gettin' money
And ain't nothin' ever changed still doin' the thang
Still gettin' money still spendin' change
We hustlin' from Sunday to Sunday
And we grindin' everyday like the money ain't comin'
nigga... Yeah we ridin' woodgrains and minks
Got the dope in the Hummer cold case for that thang
I hate the law for what they done did they broke in niggaz cribs
Wish I woulda caught 'em I'dda split they fuckin' wig
3rd Ward let me claim my fame
I put it down Uptown I'ma do my thang believe dat




Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it
Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it
Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it
You know them hoes love Weezy
Sticky, pimp small, long hair, big dick
Weezy bring to y'all
Don't y'all lip quit
Put your lips on this dick
Let me get on some livin'
Spit all over ya chin
Weezy be on some pimp shit
I see 'em, peep 'em, meet 'em, beep 'em
Later on if she ride
G 'em, freak 'em, by the weekend she be fuckin' the squad
I ain't got no loves for broads
I ducks and dodge
I grab 'em, on they butts and all
She fucks my dog
Slut sucks nuts and all
And nothin' small
This dick make 'em hit the floor and touch the wall
Call my hoes to get salami, cuz they brush the balls
Let Weezy bust they jaws
Never have no picks and chooses
Cuz I hits and lose 'em
And go to the hotel and switch for ruggy
Like a hot, spicy, fire, project girl ta duck wit me
I'm so gangsta pussy chick don't wanna fuck wit me
Titty bop, drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe
Ya gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
A c'mon, tear it down, catch the wall
Get naked, show me some
Tear that dick down bitch, start all over again
And work your jumpin'
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
Ya gotta bend ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
That's right, act a fool bitch
Do what you do hoe
After I finish don't get up gotta let Weezy go
You get your props your pussy fire, girl you a pro
So when I'm speakin' I'm creepin' and come get some mo'
You better recognize, you better realize
This is the nigga Geezy, I ain't nothin' nice
Love when you reach out grab, stuff it straight your mouth
Start suck it 'til that middle come out
Ride me (ride me), put that dick inside you (inside you)
After that wiggle your ass and make that juice move
I'ma donkey (donkey), better yet a veteran (veteran)
At the same time I can fuck you and your best friend
The Number 1 Stunna, Baby you wit me
Bump in my head never let a bitch play me
Always get the tec nigga fuck 'em all
Wrap a chain 'round ya neck and walk it like a dog
Titty bop, drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe
Ya gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
A c'mon, Tear it down, catch the wall
Get naked, and show me somethin'
Put that dick down bitch, start fuckin'
And do your jumpin'
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
See now when Lil Wayne put that dick down
Biznites can't even walk or even sit down
Wipe your mouth off and let me hit now
That Rum got me feelin' real good
The dick hard like real wood
I put it in slow and work it real good
This Lil nigga have a lot a sex
So do me slow, get out the Prada dress
Come when you wanted to like private jets
I'm on blast ma', why you take it slower than its fast time
Flip ya back over, make that ass right
Weezy make ya suck it then taste
That's how the pimp play
Make her friend eat me in this bitch up like shrimp plates
Bounce it in and put a rollin' on A.I. fish black
I got 2 more 'nites is you wit that
Fuck it let's go, when we pop out Lil Moe
Drop the top part of the 'Dro
Later on I'm touchin' the throat, bare wit it
Where them hot girls that like that nasty shit
Make'em act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it
Titty bop, drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe
Ya Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
Ya Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
A c'mon, tear it down, catch the wall
Get naked, show me some
Tear that dick down bitch, then start fuckin'
And do your jumpin'
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it


Go, I'm in love with a beauty, she is a cutie
Somebody say they saw us kissin' in da movies
We had a drink or two, we saw Rush Hour 2
Then we went home and we made our own movie


Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
It's show time, it's show time
Show me yours, show you mine


Like ohh, it's goin' down in this bitch
Like a boxer in the first round in this bitch
1-800 I would dick you down in this bitch
Uptown in this bitch, don't make a sound in this, shh


Now let me whisper in ya ear
Every single word your little ear wanna hear
Flip ya body over, have no fear
Can I put my tongue here until you tear?


Cry baby, cry baby, suck ya momma titty
You know I like dem old, I might have yo' momma with me
I like your girlfriend and your girlfriendses
Honor my pole like a flag on da end, bitch


Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
It's show time, it's show time
Show me yours, show you mine


Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
It's show time, it's show time
Show me yours, show you mine


I say ohh girl, I love you so
Oh ohh girl, I love you so sike
But I don't give a fuck about a dog ass hoe
But I don't give a fuck about a dog ass hoe


Pop these pills, take, take this glass
Pop, pop that pussy, shake, shake that ass
And if your pussy stank, girl, you know you better douche it
You're nasty girl, now wash dat stanky funky, funky pussy, bitch


Stop talkin' that shit and suck a nigga dick for an outfit, ha
And I wear my pants below my waist and
I never dance when I'm this place 'cause you and your man
Be planning to hate, I'm so hood


And she likes it
And when we fuck I'm keepin' on my Nikes
I'll tear dat pussy up, I'll tear dat pussy up
I'ma good looking rapper, I ain't tryna front


Ohh, she pussy poppin' on a handstand
Ohh, she pussy poppin' on a handstand
Ohh, she pussy poppin' on a handstand
And I'm the cameraman


Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya dig?
It's show time, it's show time
Show me yours, show you mine


Cut, check the gates, wait, why wait?
When I can just bend you over and do what I told ya
Do what I wanna, do what I wanna
Ya heard me, I gotta lie like [unverified]


And now every once in a while her knees jerk
She forgets how to walk, I better teach her
I got her walkin' funny, just tell 'em that your feet hurt
You'll prolly see her on one of my t-shirts


I super soak a hoe, skeet, skeet, skeet, squirt
But don't worry 'cause if y'all are like swingers
Hey I'm high over features
Haha new single, oh so now you single
You crazy, say da baby


I'm a thick motherfucker, I sip this on his lap
With a hand on his shooter, I lay them niggas back
Got somethin' for them niggas that react
I'm a bad motherfucker, I got this nigga's back


She said I know you ain't had yourself a good thick bitch in a minute
I saw some pictures of you boo'd up, it looks like your starting to like 'em skinny
I said girl, you're a trip
She said "I might be a trip but I ain't trippin'"
She said, "watch these hoes cause they leeches like robbin givens'"
I say no [?]
She was sittin' on my lap and you know a nigga strapped
I know she feeled it
It's crazy outchea, I'm just protecting myself, you know I'm winnin'
She say, "I get it and if anything was to happen to you I be livid"
You ain't gotta be worried 'bout that, I kill a pussy nigga, put his head on exhibit
Cause they think they caught a big fish till his body came up drippin'
I treat her legs like like a grand opening, smile while I cut the ribbon
I took a pill, she took a pill, [?] 20 minutes now we feel it
She said "I know you probably hit this shit a lot but you the shit in my opinion"
I said it never gets old, thought I'd never say never but I did it
She said "Who you kiddin' boy, you like a thick bitch, big booty, big titties"
I admit it, big booty, big titties, I admit it


I'm a thick motherfucker, I sip this on his lap
With a hand on his shooter, I lay them niggas back
Got somethin' for them niggas that react
I'm a bad motherfucker, I got this nigga's back


I like my girls bbw
The type that wanna suck you dry then eat some lunch with you
She bout that foolishness, bout that trouble too
Booty on bubble, titties so fuckable


Okay, I know you ain't had yourself a good thick bitch in a minute
So I flick [?] boy you never liked them skinny
You tell me I'm a trip, well I might be a trip but I ain't trippin'
I'm just sayin' oooh ahhh
Boy this here will keep you warm at night
Feed you good before you catch a flight
Stop actin' like you ain't got no type
Who you kiddin'?


I admit it, I admit it
But I got these guns on me right now
I got these drugs on me right now
I got the feds on me right now
I got two buyers, want it right now
She took her clothes off and I stopped
Looked at my watch like "fuck it why not?"
Guess I could fuck her once then I'm out
Fucked so many times a nigga lost count, Lord
She said "[?] get a quick fix, hit it quit it
But you know you ain't been with a good thick bitch in a minute"
I said you ain't never learned that I never say never but I did it
She said speakin' of [?] all we need is a witness
Girl you trippin', young nigga still livin'
She said "Who you kiddin' boy, you like a thick bitch, big booty, big titties"
I admit it, I like a thick bitch - big booty, big titties, I admit it


I'm a thick motherfucker, I sip this on his lap
With a hand on his shooter, I lay them niggas back
Got somethin' for them niggas that react
I'm a bad motherfucker, I got this nigga's back


Yeahhhh, baby.


-beat starts-


Ehhh. Eh. Eh. Eh. Eh. Eh. Ehmmm.
Yes,


Hey young world.
It's young natasha.
With her big bro, young weezy right beside 'er.
And you now I got 'er.
Like I got 'er.
Gunz it's yo turn, and you are the driver.
And whateva' ya lost.
All you do is follow.
The roadsigns lead you to a gold mind.


How do I know?
It cause I just moved.
Gotta new crib on Goldmind Avenue.
So that's why I got this rich boy attitude.
You probly see me in the Caddy, with some D's
On that bitch.
Riding down Goldmind Avenue.
In the lane like l'm goin' get a Allie Oupe.
Oops, that was a coupe.
Pass yo' ass like lightning's flash.
Cut the light down now and turn me to a darkchild.
My thoughts fall, my eyelids are scattered.
And we are Young Money, but age doesn't matter.


Ha! I'm so cool! Bird-man, Bird-man, J.R.! You Know! Yup Yup! Yup Yup! BK
See I, Ride when I gotta, grind 'cause I gotta
Milk the game til it's sour.
What I gotta do to bank streets when it's hotter.
Even tho the boy smooth sellin like prada.
Speak Up! the two yellin like holla.
Ya heard me. got the fools bellin like Jackie, persey.
Try and join em' I can help you with that
I'm important in rap with you know special with gats.
You know the young god blessed you in fact, like he sneezed or sumthin.
Even wit a stack of money in they hand they aint squeezin nuthin.
I'm weezy fuck it! Leave a mothafuckin weezin when my ass done pumped em'
And I don't ask for nuthin boy! I only asked and buggy boy!
And ask for money, watch the young god turn cash to money, it's that simple!


(Chorus)
And we aint stressin bout shit
We grindin like a mothafucker tryna stay rich
The cops on my trail so the tracks gotta switch
See niggas with money shouldn't act like this.
Yeah!
And we aint stressin bout shit
We grindin like a mothafucker tryna stay rich
The cops on my trail so the tracks gotta switch
See niggas with money shouldn't act like this.


*Baby's rap*


*Chorus*


Weezy... and I ride to the end of the road.
I'm hotter than the fire on the end of the fo'
And plenty times I had to get it from the floor.
But then I made it to the ceiling and every wall could hear me.
And if these walls could talk, they prolly cry the the strings on a guitar.
And see you, you with that bullshit that's lead way to the dark
Don't make me cut off the lights! GOODNIGHT!


*Baby's rap*


*Chorus*


I Wake Up In The Morning Take A Knee And Thank God,
Then Go To The Mirror Look Myself In The Eyes
Today I Didn't Wake Up With A Woman On My Side,
Yesterday, I Didn't Wake Up With A Woman On My Side
Neither The Days Before That Nor Before That
I Just Remembered The Moments, Call Me Kodak
In All That I Do Miss You But it's your denial
That I Must Hold Against You
Since You Been Gone I Have Been All Alone
But Alone Is Steriod 'cause It Makes Me Strong.
Girl, Her Gone In The Wind,
You Cheated On Godson Baby Girl That's A Sin
But I Forgive You, But I Can't Give You
Another Chance Ma, You Are In My Rearview
And I Put That Ring On Your Finger, I Was All In
But Now It's Just A Symbol Of What Could Have Been


Goddamn; I Know Am By Myself, But


Damn, She Left Me All By Myself, But


Yo!


I Love My niggaz, No Homo
I Swear I Hope They All Get Cheese Like D'journo
It's Something About The Hot Boyz That You Don't Know
I Got A Lot Of Love For Them That I Don't Show
And B. G. Been My Nigga Since The Front Door
I Hope Choppa City Records Blow.. Fa Sho
And Me And Juve Never Really Got Along
But You Still Would Let Your N***A Come Get On Your Hottest Song


Damn I fuck With You For That
I fuck With You Lil One
And Me And Skip Go Back
And When You See A Really nigga
You Got Tip Your Hat
And Since Am A Real nigga
So I Do Just That


I Had My Own Lawyer Workin' On Turk's Case
After I Heard Him Dissin Me On The Mixtape
'cause He's Locked Up And I'm Free
He Got A Lot More To Worry About Than Me
I Aint Tripping


A for Angelina
Tongue like anaconda, lips like Angelina
Ohh, B is for Bianca, she was a ballerina
Now she just a stripper making singles to my singles
C is for Chiquita, put the nana on Chiquita
Introduced me to Diana, fucked Diana with Chiquita
So D is for Diana, Diana like it deeper
So I get in her stomach like Mylanta at my leisure


And these are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
Yea, these are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
Oh, these are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches
I swear to drunk I'm not god
Drops microphone but I swear to drunk I'm not god


And the E is for Ebony, that pussy heavenly
Lord knows I be swimming in that thing like a aquarium
The F is for Felicia, freaky ass Felicia
Oh, I treat that pussy like a sleeping bag Felicia
The G is for Gina, her pussy so convenient, I mean it
She treat my dick like jalapeno and my cum like Aquafina
She need it
The H is for Holly just like Hollygrove
And the I is for Ivanka, don't let Donald know
And the J is for Joanne, I just call her Jo
What goes around, comes around, K for Karma so
These are my alphabet bitches


Alphabet bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches
I swear to drunk I'm not god
Drops microphone but I swear to drunk I'm not god


The L is for Lisa, she like my libido
We do the La Bamba, I'm so multi-lingual
The M is for Melanie, she like my melodies
Don't like my baby mamas she be so negative
The N is for Natasha and my lil mama
She holler at me when she want that Oscar Myer
She got a man she tell me please do not remind her
He not romantic, I'ma scene from Casablanca
She swallow the whole enchilada
She get off her knees and say "de nada."
She ask me "what's the reason for the choppa."
Girl it's a jungle out her ask Mufasa
O is for Olivia and the P is for Patricia
And the Q is for the queen
The R is for Raven and the S for Sharlene


And these are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
And these are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
Bitches, bitches
I swear to drunk I'm not god
Drops microphone but I swear to drunk I'm not god


The T for Tatianna, she can put her legs behind her
She can bend all the way over, I just thank the lord for that yoga
And the U is for Uma, the position of Suma
She so flexible we try angles like Bermuda
And the V is for Vanessa, voluputous Vanessa
The W's for Wintour, I'm under the weather
And the X is for my exes, fuck'em altogether
The Y is for Yolanda, the Z is for Zelda
And these are my alphabet bitches


These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet... bitches
I swear to drunk I'm not god
Drops microphone, I swear to god I'm not god


Drops microphone, I'd rather park and not drive
Drops styrofoam, I can't talk I might cry
I say I be on some G shit, I be on some G shit
Check that other nigga for that Louie shopping spree shit
Not me bitch, no you won't rob me bitch
I say I be on some G shit, I be on some B shit
When it comes to bitches, I be on some A to Z shit
I'm me bitch, it's like ABC 123 bitch, to me bitch
I'm the alpha, the alpha, the OG bitch
S-O-rry for the W-A-I-T bitch


I'm always strapped when I hit the club
Niggaz give me daps, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Niggaz be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Niggaz be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Yezziirr


Check me out, look
26 inches, bitch I'm sittin' crooked
Old school Chevy, faster than the silver bullet
Strawberry paint, seats vanilla puddin'
2 bitches, gon' and eat each other's pussy


Top chopped sent da car to the barbershop
My driveway looks somethin' like a parkin' lot
I'm so unorthodox, I got your bitch
Ridin' my dick wit no shocks
(Bounce bitch, bounce, bounce)


I'm the hottest shit jumping out the coffee pot
Man, I'm just tryin' to get my spot like a polka dot
Lil' kush make my eyes and my shoulders drop
Lil' syrup and I can make a soda pop


Keep talkin' 'n' I can make my soldiers pop
Real niggaz wit me ridin' till the motor stop
I got these hoes straight livin' out the soap op
I got a couple like a coke top
Okay


Always strapped when I hit the club
Niggaz give me daps, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Niggaz be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Niggaz be muggin' me, you know I'm


Always strapped when I hit the club
Niggaz give me dap, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I love 'em back
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I love 'em back


Yeah shorty, the last mob
Flying in the Bugati with a coolin' on the seat
Put the K in the car while we ridin' blazed
Put the chopper on the pussy in the driveway
Bet the house on the youngen 'n' we got paid
Triple colors on the bikes 'n' the new Mercedes


Bustin' keys on they ass while we got paid
But my tens ridin' hot to an open bay
Uptown made man out the hard way
Crap in the bucket 50 shots bitch make a way
I thought they knew shorty
Like father like son


Ball till' ya fall stuntin' with them paper plates
Throwin' hundreds on them hoes while we eatin' stakes
We in the club poppin' bottles like 'erday
We grind for the shine nigga gettin' big money


Got a fleet tossin' chicken nigga get cake
I'm on his island with this power like Scarface
I'm in the Impala dropped top chawwnky
Ice man, Birdman, rockin' red monkeys
All ready nigga, neighborhood superstars
All we gon' ball till we fall bitch


Always strapped when I hit the club
Niggaz give me daps, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Niggaz be muggin' me, you know I'm muggin' back
Niggaz be muggin' me, you know I'm


Always strapped when I hit the club
Niggaz give me daps, bitches give me hugs
And since I'm paid
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I love 'em back
Bitches be lovin' me, they know I love 'em back


Whoa, I'm in love with that ho bro


She crazy as fuck but she sexy as fuck
And she just hit me up, she text me "Let's Fuck"
I'm just waking up but fuck it I'm up
Ooh! I'm on my way (where?)
Get out my way Bump-bump-bump-bump
I'm Norman Bates and this bitch ain't normal
Our kids gon be nuts, but when I had the yae
And the police would come she wouldn't give me up
She knew what not to say and when they would leave
She give me heads up, lord I feel like Plies "That my lil baby"
But that bitch so crazy that bitch gon kill me
And then she be famous, let her be crazy
Amazing Amy, Amazing Amy that bitch so crazy
But that's my bitch though, I must be crazier
She must be schizo, Fuck it I love her Fuck it I love her
Don't fuck with my lover boy I put you under
Her last nigga shouldn't've, she ride me like Honda
Amazing Amy, Amazing Amy that bitch so crazy that bitch
Gon kill me then she'll be famous that's what's amazing... 
But I'm in love with that ho though (whoa) even though she loco
That pussy got me bozo... I'm in love with that ho bro
Amazing Amy, Amazing Amy my bitch so crazy that bitch
Gon kill me, then she gon kill me that's so amazing
She so amazing lord I feel like Plies "That my lil baby"
That bitch gon kill me, that'll be crazy but that's what's amazing
"That my lil baby" That bitch so crazy Amazing Amy
And this that Sorry 4 The Wait Amy, and I'm so sorry 4 the wait
Amy...


She told me wait on it, I told her she gon have to put a date on it
You already let Tunechi skate on it my hook in the water
Lil mama she bait on it (Damn) I mean she bite on it
Kawasaki she can ride on it, she too good for me
Like some Vitamins, she swallow the dick like a Heineken
I love her she came with a frying pan, Her mama black her
Daddy from Japan she so amazing she deserve a Birkin bag
She so crazy she gonna take all of my cash
She in love with my money I am so crazy I'm gonna keep
Spending blue hunnids and [?] Waiting for Migos and
Wayne to fall off nigga you can wait on it...


Choppa like Tony watch how I do my opponent
Wait on my moment I beat it I own it
Keep that thang on me you won't catch me lonely
She wanna suck and fuck and put it on me
She plotting on me trynna get some money
Had to cut her cause the millions coming
Run off with the work started trappin dummies
Caucasian, Black and Asian you amazing
We poppin them seals we not in the Navy
We won't take a deal cause we got the paper
That people hate it we still nominated
Young Rich Niggas yeah we graduated
I got bitches in the kitchen cookin' Sarah Palin
Smacking up the gas bag you can smell the fragrance
Got me buying [?] man this bitch is crazy


Amazing Amy, Amy wanna have my baby
Nah she been patiently waiting
Waiting for me to get famous
Want me to buy her Mercedes I come through
The check and I looked at her crazy
I'm focused on the M&M;'s
You want Benjamin Franklins you gotta have patience
I pull up in the coupe and it's the Sable
I'm drinking on Maple these bitches watching me on cable
Nigga's trynna copy but they cannot be the creator
I feel like Will Smith, can you be my Jada?
And I'm in the [?] Audi looking like a Raider
When the Migos hear your cd we pack at your stadium
In the kitchen with the Dominican's I'm creating em'


Gangsta Grillz ya bastards!


There's a couple married bitches in the building
Fucked them!
I get that? I get that pussy
Nothing
I see you niggas got no life... Sixth Sense
She said she wanna fuck my brains out
But she gonna have to suck this dick first! Preach!
She sat on my dick, she sat on my face
I told that bitch she got good seats
Man, these niggas softer than fleece
2-D niggas, and they obliques
You talked that shit, I knock you out, now go ahead and talk in your sleep
Bitch you know the motto!
It's Young Money over hoes
Lying to these bitches, they call my dick Pinnochio
Gettin' to the money, now the money getting to me
She say vert-dick is hung like a jury
I'm on the track: doa
Some of these niggas be dea
Money tall: nba
Broke niggas: smh
Hit em like Canseco
But she be like "No way Jose!"
I got all that white
What you call that? Okkk!
Every night I go hard
She like me like Boston George
She like it in her ass, mouth and pussy
3 car garage!
These niggas is false alarms
They don't mean no fuckin harm
Hey baby let's make a porn!
Ba-bum! Devil horns
You know that I ain't got no ceilings
The money changed me, I'm making chameleons
Only God can judge me, can't appeal it
In the name of the Father, Son, Holy Spirit
Amen!
Tell them alphabet boys it's a "G" thing
I've got a street sweeper... Do you need your street cleaned?
Young Money bitch! We colder than a ski team
Red beam, if you scared, mufucka go to church!
Preach! Security breach
I'm on that grass harder than cleats
I'm on that gas, y'all on E
Nigga my cash out of your reach
I run shit like the reverend
She get on her knees for this dick
Then swallow all of them blessings
Church!


Just a way of life


Brought my mama a crib
Brought my daddy a car
Let him go free Tune
Now they think I'm a star
Damn I love this life wouldn't trade it for nothing
Most theses rappers is falling cause they ain't standing for nothing
I smoke that loud so I don't hear haters talking
Plus these bitches be stalking trying look for a fortune
In the Chi we say church when the pussy gets purchase
Got a bitch so bad she make a player get nervous
Now good ain't good enough and my hood is hood as fuck
I be praying for them shorties trynna get their dollars up
Swag so dope you probably think I'm dealing
And I only give head if baby girl swallow children
Boo ain't got a ghost and bitches still be catch the holy ghost
She say she want to get high I hit her with that overdose
Pimpin' so cold put that on my overcoat
Only ride foreign
We don't do 100 spokes
When broke niggas talk that's 100 jokes
Ha Laughing at you fuck boys
Skate gear I'm a truck boy
On my truck right I don't give a fuck boy


Woo!
Music up please!
Born and raised in the you. S. A.
By the way of New Orleans where the Killas stay
Ok...
Uh alright... Yeah
Born and raised in the you. S. A.
Where the government is watching what you do and say
Ayy well alright... Yea
Well Imma tell you this story bout a nigga wit glory
Ya I come from piss poor and now I live in six stories houses
My house big
Listening to my own voice in my black rolls royce
Get the girls of my choice to take off their shorts and blouses
Haha take off my trousers
Ya
Ya don't know nothing bout this!
Ayyyy!
I'm a dope boy wit a guitar


Hey daddy can ya help me
Ride wit the band in the back seat
Riding wit the dope boy! (I'm a dope boy wit a guitar)
Tell em if they looking for me
I'm on the road to the next city
Riding wit the dope boy!
Dope boy wit a guitar


Born and raised in the you. S. A.
By the way of New Orleans where the killas stay
But that's ok... Yea... That's alright! Ya
I'm loved and praised in the you. S. A.
My ancestors where slaves in the you. S. A.
But now today... It's alright
Yea
Come on!
Oooooo!
Dope boy wit a guitar!


Hey daddy can ya help me (yeaaa)
Ride wit the band in the back seat
Riding wit the dope boy! (I'm a dope boy wit a guitar)
Tell em if they looking for me (damnn...)
I'm on the road to the next city
Riding wit the dope boy! (woo!)


Bridge!
Born and raised in the you. S. A.
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K
I was born and raised in the you. S. A.
And all I wanna do is play
So turn me up
Turn me up
So turn me up!
So turn me up!


(Out of Sight, 
 Out of Mind, 
 Out of Time, 
 To Decide, 
 Do we run, Should we hide, 
 For the rest, of my life of my life) X2


Dear anne my number one fan
I write with the life of the lamp on my night stand
With a pen in my right hand and that's also my mic hand
Codeine in the sprite can ink on my white pad
I'm thinking of life and wrong and right and
Sometimes I'm right and sometimes I might
I cannot find the light still my rhymes are bright
So I continue my plan and I'm shore like white sand
That there will be price paid before my flight landed
But still I want to see more than my sight can


(2x)
They Call Slow Down And Bird
Better Get From Me,
Better Stay From Me
'cause Ain't Nothing you Can Do


(Young Fresh)
You Better Stay From A Nigga Like Me,
I'll Cut You So Fast It's Like A Hobby.
They Call Me Young Fresh Fresh To Death,
'cause What Ever I Do I Do It The Best.
It's Me And Boyz Who Seven Deep,
Will Fuck You Up We Don't Need No Heat.
Just Look What We Did With This Beat,
Just Look What We Did With This Beat.
'cause It's The Origenal Nigga This Way,
Half Of Yea Nigga Lucky Yea See Another Day.


Yeah yeah yeah (I got army gunz)
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I got army gunz)
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I got army gunz)
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I-I got army gunz)
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game


Okay I'm out 'chea you niggaz done started it ya ordered it
Bullet find a home in ya arteries pardon me
But them niggaz won't touch not a part of me bet on it
Them niggaz belong in a sorority ain't that a bitch
Burn they bodies up for the authorities no evidence
You gon' stop fuckin' wit' them warriors from New Orleans
And I really think that it'd be better if
I just hit ya block wit that baretta and hop out and let her rip
Let her bang let her bust etcetera etcetera
You niggaz is scared of the southern part of America
Here it come got her done never caught without one
niggaz wanna ball so I guess I gotta bounce 'em
Smokin' on a ounce of that shit from the mountains
People say I need to stop no I need a counselor
And I'm here you are gonna need a chopper
And I'ma need a lawyer and you gon' need a doctor
Why? Because...




Get at 'em we hit 'em up if they rattin'
niggaz ain't fuckin' wit' the boy them niggaz softer than satin
I'm feelin' awfully aggy yes I walk wit' the maggy
I tell him park in a alley and leave 'em parked in the alley
niggaz talkin' about me but they ain't talkin' it at me
'Cause if they talkin' it at me then I'm just talkin' to caskets
All that talkin' is pussy bitch you better make ya words strong
'Cause the shit gettin' chiseled on ya tombstone
What they do I got a chopper in the uhaul
Make a real nigga bring it back to '92 dog
Bring his ass to the river drop the fool off
Hope he can swim wit' them concrete shoes on
I got the gun right beside me who don't?
Got beef homie I was just gettin' hungry
When you come bitch you better bring a army
We can do it in the streets and throw a gansgta party nigga
Why? Because...




Thirty shots in the clip niggaz let's trip
Line 'em up put 'em down on the guest list
These niggaz 'bout to make me go Rambo
I'ma take the shit as far as it can go
War is the answer if ya questionin' the general
Snap shots at'cha baby you are just a centerfold
And less Kenneth Cole niggaz seem plenty bold
Pull that bitch out alright don't make me get my fishin' pole
Them niggaz hoes really doe
I would swing down there wit' any O Forty-Fo' and let 'em go
Let 'em know that I ain't never been sweet and won't be
Yes I'll be right here on the ground when you want me
Make a nigga have to come back like wit' the smack
Thomas bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact
And I ain't never killed no one jack
But I'm honest bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact
Why? Because...




See she all on my dick cause I make
Alot of money, but I unno why cause
Gets nothing, bring it back... All on my dick cause I make a lot of money, but I unno why cause she gets nothing from me she only get dick way down in her tummy, n she tell all of her friends now her friends wanna, bring it back... Only get dick way
Down in her tummy, and she tell all of her friends now her friends wanna fuck me I'm lookin in the mirror and I see a dollar sign I had a cat scan and I had money on my mind I tell a bitch go and get my name on ya spin so I can fell good when I'm hitting it from
Behind I'm crack rock fresh baby I'm
That boy yea put me in a pot and
Watch I come back hard yea put me
On that block and watch I come back rich now she done put me in that pussy she aint come back since


Ask dem hoes, yea ask dem, ask
Dem hoes about me, ask dem hoes,
Uh huh yea ask dem hoes, ask dem
Hoes about me


Ima beast, ask dem hoes
Ima dog, ask dem hoes
Ima beast, ask dem hoes
Ima dog, ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast, ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog, ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast, ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog, ask dem hoes


Hat to the side rims on the ride it can't fit in my pocket and I don't have, hold up... Hat to the side rims on the ride it can't fit in my pocket and I don't have to c*** it scarface bitch cocaine by
The pie got them hoes snifin like dem hoes about to hold up... Scarface bitch cocaine by the pie got them hoes snifin like dem hoes about to cry ms myspace don't blow my high I download hard dick to your hard drive den she got on her knees and soon we locked eyes she caught it like it was a routine pop fly I'm dope boy fresh new jeans new everything dem
Bitches want me like a wedding ring I told her dat I'm married to the money committed to the cash all I see is pussy, titties, and the ass


Ask dem hoes, yea ask dem,  what
To do ask dem hoes about me, ask
Dem hoes, uh huh yea ask dem
Hoes, what they do ask dem hoes
About me


Ima beast, ask dem hoes
Ima dog, ask dem hoes
Ima beast, ask dem hoes
Ima dog, ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast, ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog, ask dem hoes
Bitch ima beast, ask dem hoes
Hoe ima dog, ask dem hoes


Call me Wezzy F. Bitch I'm straight
From the street dope game is sour
And the dope is sweet I live in the tower got a scope on the heat hit you from 100 feet we don't even have to meet ya bitch love me we don't even have to meet but if I run into her believe me I will hold on... Ya bitch love me we don't even have to meet but if I run into her believe me I will do her and if that bitch bitch is crazy believe I will sue her got some hungry ass lawyers that would eat her up and chew her I don't know why you love her I wish I never knew her she only give me brain she was just another tutor she blow my whole band I was just another tuba now get off my dick and get lost in aruba it's money over bitches cash money over bitches young money over bitches
Get money from them bitches
I Do!


Ask dem hoes, yea ask dem, ask
Dem hoes about me, ask dem hoes,
Uh huh yea ask dem hoes, ask dem
Hoes about me


Ima beast, ask dem hoes
Ima dog, ask dem hoes....


See we ain't got much in common
So we don't do that much talking
Sometimes it feels so awkward
She watch me take a shower
I asked her why she didn't join me
She said because you didn't ask me
I said damn I didn't think I had to
Then she take off my towel and I take off her blouse
I tell her that that pussy for me just incase she thought it was ours
And she say cool


And if you like it I love it
If she like it I love it


See we ain't got much in common
So we don't do that much talking
Coz everytime she try to tell me something
She open up her mouth and I stick my tongue in
She got a piercing in her vagina
A skirt with nothing under


And she say when she don't see me
She feel like Stevie Wonder


That's when I said
Work, Work, Work
If you want that purse, skirt, skirth
She made me c** 100 times
She made me c** 100 times


She got that Work, Work, Work
I say you my bitch now
I'm calling you first
And then made her c** a 100 times
She kinda green but I'm color blind


See we ain't got much in common
So we don't do that much talking
Sometimes it feels so awkward
She watch me take a shower
I asked her why she didn't join me
She said because you didn't ask me
I said damn I didn't think I had to
Then she take off my towel and I take off her blouse
I tell her that that pussy for me just incase she thought it was ours
And she say cool


Uh I like that shit
And she bite that lip but she like that dick


Oooh I like that shit
And she bite that lip don't fight that dick girl... Girl


Fuckin wit you well Imma need another shower, Imma need another shower
Can you help me take another shower
Then we gonna make each other shower


There's steam in the air fog everywhere
She can get her hair wet coz it's her real hair
I be like Hell Yeah and she be like fucking Right


Now she got my leg in the air
I'm pulling on her hair
And she say I can pull it coz it's her real hair
She be like Hell Yeah, Hell yeah coz I fuck Her Right


That's when I said
Work, Work, Work
If you want that purse, skirt, skirth
She made me c** 100 times
She made me c** 100 times


She got that Work, Work, Work
I say you my bitch now
I'm calling you first
And then made her c** a 100 times
Yeah made her c** a 100 times


Then I said


See we ain't got much in common
So we don't do that much talking
Sometimes it feels so awkward


Bitch I'm back on my grizzy,
Young money where ya at?,
Two tables and a mic,
Tell the Dj run it back,


Bitch I'm back on my grizzy,
Young money where ya at?,
If you fuck wit Younh Money,
Yougn Money where you at?,
Like the energizer bunny wit a battery pack,
Boy that chopper keep drummin, like B-are-r-at-at-at-tat,
Or B-are-r-rump-bum-bum-bum,
I'm so young but I'm a Giant like Fe-Fi-for-Fum,
Just bought a new crib, insides so dumb,
Got some money put away, incase the hurricane come,
I'm a fuckin shame huh? Yea I know yea I know,
I go out the country to get all my clothes and my hoes,
And I go out my way just to get my dro and my doe,
Cause, I love it more than I do my hoes yes I doess,
I got gasoline comin out my pours,
Imma torch,
I got glasses like that white boy Scott Storch,
And a porshe,
I got license for tha scortch,
Snipers at your porch,
Rifles by the forts,
And we shoot up courts,
The judge juss a bitch,
The jury suck dick,
I'm a eastside blood,
And I don't smoke that crip,
I smoke that kush,
First name Bubba,
First names Young,
Last name Stunna,
Carter in the office,
Take notes when I'm talkin,
Smooth as a cruz boat floats when I'm walkin,
I boast cause I'm ballin,
I 'pose to be ballin,
When I'm on the phone wit bitches man the money keep callin,
You aint satisfied till ya son'll be callin,
Tellin you where to leave the money in the mornin,
Ok you wanna zombie movie instead,
That's when you walk in ya house and everybody dead,
I can take a shit where I stand,
Where I stand... And watch you pussies piss in ya pants,
You aint a man your a hoe,
I can kill him with the flow,
And then play the guitar at the fuckin funeral,
Big guns so they drinkin big shots,
And my game go Saddam Hussein and missile launch,
The Corrain call me Wayne Chain,
Listen ma, I don't know karate, but after the brain, I kick you out,
You niggas suck like tony romo, no homo,
And I'm all about my money, I get paid for promo yeaa,
I'm the man in this bitch, they say money talks well...
I'm tha ventriloquist,
And if I ever jump, il prolly land in ya bitch,
Boy that hoe colder than my hand and my wrist,
Boy I'm more cooler than a fan and a mint,
And when I'm done this track we'll need a couple bandages,
I be wit savages and I'm above average,
I'm a crazy ass star like a fuckin asterick,
You niggas can't see me, I'm on my casper shit,
Runnin so much game, I fuck around and lap a bitch,
If love like a grocery, I juss bag a bitch,
And you kno I'm gonna score like Deion after picks,
I'm rollin on a pill, she get that mornin after dick,
And when my rolls came down guess whut I did after it,
I pop popped and took some patron shots,
I pop popped and took some Grey goose shots,
I pop popped... Yea...
Young Money bitch, and if you niggas wan' do it, we chop chop,
Leave ya back on tha block,
We pop cops,
And there aint no rights on my block,
I got shop,
I got that dro, I got them pills, I got that yay,
Give it to them hoes and watch them bitches freak away...


Is the one, that leads back to you.
Now I know the only compass that I need.
Is the one, that leads back to you.]


She had cat lives, nine lives, no tan lines, 
She ride me like a drive by, I'm real these niggas Sci-Fi.
But that's neither here nor there.
She been contemplating short hair.
She said she tryna be different
But she just like the rest of these bitches.
But that's neither here nor there.
And my dick is her chair.
It be sexual warfare, I be loaded like software.
Got so many hoes, I'm ho'in, but she the only one worth knowin'
And yeah I do my dirt, but that's for the flowers to grow in.
I ain't trippin', but she be trippin'.
They ain't got shit on me, but she keep sniffin'.
Look girl, just gimmie that brain, and I'll return the favor.
Them hoes say I'mma dog, but how come I don't chase 'em.
I lick her with no chaser, I pick her out a line up.
I just wanted some time, she say "okay I'm ya honor".
But she been wantin' to break up, since dolce and gabbana.
All that ass I just be like come sit yo groceries on my counter.
I drink tea, she drink wine, call it tijuana.
I dyin' to meet a girl, but she want me to meet her momma.
Swear I'mma go Mr. Miyagi, ?-----?
The weed in funky, but I'm smelling fine.
Tunechi.




I got that shit in my system.
Somebody gon' be my victim.
Eh, so where you at wit it.
Cuz I can't do it by myself, I need an ass-istant.
I got that good good, that get right.
That early morning, that midnight.
I beat it up, like a fist fight.
One, two, three, four, five, six nights.
That dick all in yo' windpipe.
Some of her friends I dislike.
Some of yo friends, they alright.
Sometimes I think y'all all dykes.
But fuck all that, I'm on one.
Don't wanna be with the wrong one.
That cold head, that warm tongue.
My third leg run marathons.
I feel you like I'm blind girl.
Can't you see, it's meant to be.
So come to me, then come for me.
My game cold, one degree.
I'm rollin' with two bad bitches cuz misery loves company.
One sweet, one sour, my honeybee and my bumblebee.
I miss you in the worst way, ride that dick no speed bumps.
No redlights, no stop lights, just get to Lil' Tunechi.




Should I call somebody else?
Cuz girl it's almost twelve, and this dick won't suck itself.
Girl you know it need some help, it'll make a nigga's day.
If you said you on your way, yeahhh.
Should I call somebody else?
Cuz girl it's almost twelve, and this dick won't suck itself.
Girl you know it need some help, it make a nigga's day.
I just hope you know the way.
And she said.




1-7 eagle eagle weezy my name yup
He da he da fire fire turn up my flame left
We the people we your people
Told you not to speak to
Peeps will leave you sleeping
With your people right beneath you
I would like to ignite this track with my butane
I will fight life 20 rounds I gotta do wayne
Weezy f baby baby I keep my shoes clean
Shirt always matching stay in the new jeans
Yeah I'm young? What is you saying to me
Really I cannot understand them if they not paying for me
Funny how big niggas go get they man for me
But they aint shit I just go to the other hand


1-7 eagle eagle weezy my name yup
He da he da fire fire turn up my flame left
We the people we your people
Told you not to speak to
Peeps will leave you sleeping
With your people right beneath you
I would like to ignite this track with my butane
I will fight life 20 rounds I gotta do wayne
Weezy f baby baby I keep my shoes clean
Shirt always matching stay in the new jeans
Yeah I'm young?
What is you saying to me
Really I cannot understand them if they not paying for me
Funny how big niggas go get they man for me
But they aint shit I just go to the other hand


(feat. Fresh, Roney, & Mac Maine)


Raj Smoove, ooo boy
Raj Smoove the Greatest dj in the world


I Wear a mean dark pair of shades
And you can't see my eyes unless my head is bent


We stay high on that 5 0 4 shit (New Orleans)
Some day I all the time and you know this
We stay high on that 5 0 4 shit (New Orleans)
Some day I all the time and you know this


Look straight out of the garage on a hog and you know I redo the insides like the morgue (x3)
The coup blue like that dude on mars
Ridin with the bitch prettier than the da barge
Mommy want a soldier baby I'm a sarge if you can't have me but can't have a menarge
Now rub me wrong and fuck up my massage and these flowers for the dead better get them a cizarge
Yea, head nigga enlarge and every thing I do I San Deigo charge
While you niggas just starve, I'm eating so much imma fuck around and barf
And red is the color of my scarf, and understand to a giant your a dwarf
My flows goin off, I'm so sick all I gotta do is cough


We stay high on that 5 0 4 shit (New Orleans)
Some day I all the time and you know this
We stay high on that 5 0 4 shit (New Orleans)
Some day I all the time and you know this


Bitch I come from the bottum of the map, New Orleans, Louisana we love to pack gats, we love to count stacks, we love pump pack, love killin the track, Me, Wayne, Roney, and Mack
This some Hollygrove shit here and imma bang it in your ear till you get it clear
Ya heard that, that's my word and I meant that, don't tempt me I leave your bitch up in your bentley, believe me
(Roney)
Its Roney nigga back in the game, straight off the block baggin the game
Now run till you heard me rappin wit Wayne, Run tell you heard me rappin insane
Yea, I'm off in this bitch, puffin dro guards in this bitch, I'm leanin in this bitch, we got freaks in the bitch, and we deep in this bitch


We stay high on that 5 0 4 shit (New Orleans)
Some day I all the time and you know this
We stay high on that 5 0 4 shit (New Orleans)
Some day I all the time and you know this


I got a thing for them big trucks, big fine bitches with good jug and big butts
5'4" mommies with nice head and fake tits
That don't get loose off goose and proly act up
5'7" bitches with bow legs that take dick
All they really need is 2 pills and 6 blunts
Wake up in the morning, and count money, and make grits, she don't really know no English so we don't say shit
Chea, Wayne said let it rain on em, mother nature with the paper doin the mack maine on them
Yeah, like their one thousand like whoosh, like there go two thousand, ballin
Now shake that ass like you came, pay your cable bill and your tryin to watch the saints on your sixty inch hitachi, livin like Liberachi, sportin the latest versace, shotty and mazaradi, dodgin the paparazzi, A. C. Cole like the heart of nazis, this years classic like old school herachees, you get your grill cooked like it was hibachi, word the cousin rod need us


Ayo, it's Weezy muthaf-cking, easy with the hating
B-tch I'm in the building you just decorating
I'm just detonating
Then I get blatant
More dangerous than internet dating
Scoob got the cameras on so I got to show off
I put your sister on, I knock your bro off
We just spit snowballs catch it in your face b-tch
Good game Wayne mayne I deserve a naysmith,
Cook game gain flow dope in the vein flow
I'll only be smoking the purple out the rainbow
Stronger than Draino, your boyfriend a lame-o
And if you stay wit em then y'all in the same boat
Deep water Carter fishin for a dollar
You can join the salad and I'm splitting your tomato
Ball cuz I gotta
You'll love me in the mornin
I told her Imma king, them other niggas Prince Charming
She love to rock the mic she say that's nothing like performin
Man I'm in love with her grill George Foreman
Forewarning Young Money's on
And we can shoot it out, I got the money drawn
Yeah, take that to the bank with ya
I rock my hat to the side like I paint pictures
Smoke weed talk sh-t like Lane Kiffin
Whole country in recession but Wayne different
Huh, and I'm a Maybach rider, haven't drove it one time I got a cool black driver
Can't walk around with guns I got a do that got em
Don't worry if I'm shootin as long as you get shot
Imma beast, Imma pitbull
I get my ass kissed, I get my d-ck pulled
Imma beast
Imma big wolf
I got my money right, I got my clip full
Haha, it's like 7 in the mornin n-gga
I'm up for whoever the opponent n-gga
Stop the track, let me relish in a moment n-gga
Now bring that mutha f-cker back cuz I'm zonin n-gga
I go hard like Rafael Nadal
And if the b-tches were havin it, I bet we have them all
And man I'm so high it's like an ever-lasting fall
And I'm chargin these hoes like women basketball
Uh, I bet that chopper get his mind right
Leave a hole in his chest like a lion bite
Super hero call like a crime fight
I see big cheese, you n-ggas blind mice
T-Streets still roll with me
Still stickin to the script like Nicole Kidman
Need the man hit, We are those hitmen
He stopped runnin, the bullet holes didn't
Uh, Basically, I'm still a monster
Till the fat lady sings I come to kill the Opera
Yall too plain, Imma helicopter
My words keep goin like a teleprompter
I'm a asshole, wipe me down b-tch
I get big checks, Nike Town b-tch
Yeah, mean mug, Bobby Brown sh-t
And the flag red like clown lips,
Uh, ti can't stop goin
Dropped my best sh-t like the Cowboys dropped Owens
I'm the best to ever do it mutha f-cker I know it
No Ceilings Got Dammit now the f-ckin Sky's showin uhh!


Call the president he's the next new president
He a senator from Illinois yeah
His criteria compared to John Mccain just isn't fair
Cuz he's b-l-a-c- so the eyes are on he
Through is pencil he write
Legislation with the country on his mind
And he don't cope ish
Cuz he ain't got time
Every second minute hour kkk wanna devour
He got guards ready to pop him
With their ch ch ch ch choppers
Every brother mother sister cousin grandma wanna hump him
Even got Hilary Clinton on the side ready to jump him
Tell the Clintons naaaaaaaaah
Couldn't catch him couldn't stop him
They go by the party rules
If you can't beat 'em you can't top 'em
Thought you'd smack couldn't pop em
Delegates couldn't cop 'em
Bill Clinton couldn't help her
Too bad she couldn't drop him


Man Obama so I'll


Obama goes here, Obama goes there
Sayin' yes we can just like Michelle he sittin' in the deriere
He travel to Arizona ready to cause some drama
Hopin' Mccain don't comment
Look at that bastard Obama
He's too young he's too hip
Negroes always causing problems
His pale lookin' face got him lookin' like a goblin
Mccain Mccain please don't vote for Mccain
First they up in office talkin' bout some heart pain
Call the ambulance quick all you hear is sirens
His temper isn't private
Dang I hate a mad prick
Don't you had a mad prick
Plus Mccains an old prick
Barack's a yonger guy so choose him
He's the right pick
But if you choose the wrong pick
Your step-son will probably end up in Iraq quick


His health care plan is so immaculate
So even if you broke you can afford to take a doc trip
You'll be feelin' much better not sick
And he's ok but his wife's sick
And her back's thick and her walk's sick
She's a fly chick
Might hit


Man obama so I'll


He's makin history like x, King, and Douglas
And rfk Obama he s that new black knew that
Red neck said he won't beat john mccain
He don't wear a flag and his middle name's Hussein
But who gon' be that boy dat dat dat boy they call Obama
Got republicans sweatin like they up in saunas
Even Mccains 90 somethin' momma
He ready to pull his lever every hour
And I'd rather eat a field mouse
Than to see John Mccain in the White House
Vote Obama in and I promise you won't turn back
In to some uncle Tom-as
No Aunt Jemima or southern fried chicken
Call him cheif obama or Mr. Keeps on tickin
Man pass the riots comment couldn't pass his tally
Even Oprah Winfrey said that she was right behind him
People I say this country shol' holt without him
But he's gotta go out relate to every body
He do what he do like give his wife a hug then a fist dap
Gotta do that stuff in public so the hood know that he's black
Gotta use big words white people love to hear them
If they hear it they don't fear him they don't know him but they feel him
That's real


I got my apital "S"W"Agger up
Ya Digg?
Young money cash money dipset byrdgang
We a team baby (Freaky)
Welcome to dipset baby


{Lil? Wayne}
Okay, my leather so soft but don't think I ain't hard
Bitch say Weezy make it rain, I say bitch I ain't God
But I am God's son, but you know I ain't Nas
See, he got a positive aim, and I aim nines
Man, little Weezy got a style that even I can't find
Man, some shit just be so hard, I be like that line ain't mine
And if that is under a gram, then that line ain't mine
And if you niggas talking war, well bitch, it'scombat time
Hey, I take three l's to the head: Love, Live, Life, and I'm dead
Young Money, Dipset, that's what this is
And if I ain't good looking, you can bet my bitch is
I done made it off Apple Street like it was 2300 Jackson Street
Young Money, can't join 'em nor beat 'em
Where the fuck is Robin Leech when you need him?
A rich nigga can't even buy freedom
That's why I give my white bitches everything but freedom
I do my white bitches anything but beat 'em
And if they like rat poison, then I'ma feed 'em
I'm sophisticated, fresh from Antarctica my wrist just made it
I'm rich bitch, I ain't broke no more
But I will still chop you up and feed your ass to the poor
I'm 'bout my cream like a s'more
You old ass rappers better stay on tour
You're like 44, I got a 44, I'm 24
I could murk you and come home when I'm 44


{chorus}
What's a beat without bass
Chain hangin to the dick nigga all them diamonds in her face
Homie get in dip's face so imma show you 38s
When we ride its 25s scrapin dat world bass
What's a beat without bass
Chain hangin to the dick nigga all them diamonds in her face
Homie get in dip's face so imma show you 38s
When we ride its 25s scrapin dat world bass


{jha jha}
Dade county get it girl
5 ridas wit a girl
You don? T want no problems don? T you kno we ridin wit it girl
Dudes love me say I got a hell of a swag
See me hoppin out them coups benz bentleys and jags
With balenciaga bags in some lil skimpy shit


Got a lil bitty ass so they focus on my tits
Its the jewels that I wear and the gleam on my wrist
And she rock her real hair run yo fingers through this shit
I am somethin like the shit and yo nigga I will pimp
You ain't got my money honey hit em with a hollow tip
See freekey is crazy insane and hazy
And that? S my big brotha so do not try to play me
Its gon be somethin shawty
The set is in the buildin throw yo b's up shawty
Patrone is in my system and dat switched up shawty
The zone is where I? M gettin when I'm geeked up homie
Yeaaa


{chorus}
What's a beat without bass
Chain hangin to the dick nigga all them diamonds in her face
Homie get in dip's face so imma show you 38s
When we ride its 25s scrapin dat world bass
What's a beat without bass
Chain hangin to the dick nigga all them diamonds in her face
Homie get in dip's face so imma show you 38s
When we ride its 25s scrapin dat world bass


{Freaky Zekey}
This Is How We Ride
So High Drunk Drive
Bet The Pistol Grip Get Em Gangstas Ballas
We Them Chedda Makin Villians
Shorty Get Me Right
Got A Big Mossberg And Dat Fire From Them Shells Make you Stop Drop And Pop It
C*** That Hammer Send A Rocket
Blow A Socket I Wont Stop It
Go Go Rocket Hit Ya Body
So Its Profit Of This Poppin
Cause Yo Mouth To Take The Profit
Get The Shells And Nuthin Less Between
Don't Even Call Em Burnas We Call Em Shucky Duckys
We Grizzlies We Teletubbies
Get Busy Wit Heavy Money
You Said He Probly All Funky
You Probly Some Type Of Junky
I Probly Sold you The Monkey
Listen Fall Back bitch you Don't Wanna Get Stripped
You Don't Wanna See He Dip Strip Fuck Yo bitch
You Don't Wanna See Yo Jaw Crack
Barrell From The Smith That Pain'll Probly Make Yo Body Twitch shit
The World'll Hear you Say Ayyy


I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock Girl
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock


She Got That Good Good,
She Michael Jackson Bad,
I'm Attracted To Her, For Her Attractive ass,
And Now We Murderous, Because We Kill Time,
I Knock Her Lights Out, And She Still Shine,
I Hate To See Her Go, But I Love To Watch Her Leave
But I Keep Her Running Back And Forth...
Like a soccer Team
Cold As the Winter's Day,
Hot As the Summer's Eve,
Young Money Thieves
Steal Your heart with ease


I Like The Way You Walkin, If You Walking My Way,
I'm That Red Bull, Now Let's Fly Away,
Let's Buy A Place, With All Kind Of Space,
I Let You Be The Judge, N-N And I'm The Case,
I'm Gudda Gudda,
I Put Her Under,
I See Me With Her, No Stevie Wonder,
She Don't Even Wonder, Cuz She Know She Bad,
And I Got a nigga,
Grocery Bag.


(Okay)
Ooh Baby,
I Be Stuck To You,
Like Glue Baby,
Wanna Spend It All On You,
Baby,
My Room Is The G Spot,
Call Me Mr. Flintstone,
I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock Girl
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock


Ok I Get It,
Let Me Think, I Guess It's My Turn,
Maybe It's Time To Put This pussy On Ya Sideburns,
He Say I'm Bad, he Prolly Right,
He Pressing Me Like Button Downs On A Friday Night (Ha-ha),
I'm So Pretty Like,
Be On My Pedal Bike,
He On My Low Starch,
He On My Egg-o Whites,
He Say Nicki Don't Stop You The Bestest,
And I Just Be Coming Off The Top As-best-es.


I Love Ya Sushi Rolls, Hotter Than Wasabi, I race For Your Love,
Shake And Bake Ricky Bobby,
I'm At The W, But I Can't Meet You In The Lobby,
Girl I Gotta Watch My Back, Cuz I'm Not Just Anybody,
I Seen Em Stand In Line, Just To Get Beside Her,
I Let Her See The Aston, And Let The Rest Surprise Her,
That's When We Disappear, You Need gps To Find Her,
Oh That Was Your Girl?
I Thought I Recognized Her.


(Okay)
Oh Baby,
I Be Stuck To You,
Like Glue Baby,
Wanna Spend It All On You,
Baby,
My Room Is The G Spot,
Call Me Mr. Flintstone,
I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock Girl
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock


She Like Tanning,
I Like Staying In,
She Like Romancing,
I Like Rolling With Friends,
She Said I'm Caged In,
I Think Her Conscience says,
She Watching That Oxygen,
I'm Watching espn,
But When That Show End,
She All On My Skin,
Lotion,
Slow Emotion,
Roller Coasting,
Like Back Forth Hold It (Hold It).....
She Pose Like It's For Posters,
And I Poke Like I'm Suppose To,
Take This Photo If You For Me,
She Said Don't You Ever Show This,
I'm Too Loyal..,
And Too Focused..,
To Be Losing..,
And Be Hopeless..,
When I Spoke This,
She Rejoiced It,
Said Your Word Get Me Open,
So I Closed It,
Where Your Clothes Is,
I'm Only Lovin For The Moment.




She Ain't Got A Man,
But She's Not Alone,
Miss Independent,
Yea She Got Her Own,
Hey Gorgeous,
Uhmmm,
I Mean Flawless,
Well, That's What you are, How I See It Is How I Call It Yea,
L-Look It How She Walk,
Mmhmmm She Know She Bad,
Do-Do Your Thing Baby,
I Ain't Even Mad,
And I Ain't even Fast,
Imma Stay A While,
Hold Ya Head Chris,
I-Imma Take Ya Down.


Ooh Baby,
I Be Stuck To You,
Like Glue Baby,
Wanna Spend It All On You,
Baby,
My Room Is The G Spot,
Call Me Mr. Flintstone,
I Can Make Your Bed Rock
(young money)
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock Girl
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
I-I-I I Can Make Your Bed Rock
(Lil Wayne)
Gudda Gudda,
T-Streetz
Mack Maine,
Jae Millz, uh
Tyga Tyga,


Drizzy Drake,
Nicki Minaj,
Hey Shanell
(Lloyd) and Young Lloyd
Ehhhh!!!


Check
Huh
What?
What?
Let's go, nigga (Where you at, Wheezy?)


You liable to catch me speedin' up the six, or beatin' up a chick
Or standin' over a stove, sweatin', heatin' up a brick
And we keep the hustlin' slick, and got clips like bananas
We twist the bandanas, and spit at niggas with cannons
We ran in habitats with masks and plastic gats
Stormin' through the house, screamin', "Where's this bastard's crack?!!"
I flash the Mack in front of your gal and make her tell
Like, "Slut! Where's the yay, or I'ma pop one in your grill!"
It's Lil Wayne, nigga - blast and bang triggas
Pay with my change, then I'm gon' have to bang niggas
I bag the caine quicker, and sprinkle like rain, nigga
Flood the av quick with the quarters and halves, nigga
If you out, you can find me on the street with the work
If it's a drought, you can find me on the street with the work
Never slip - I empty half a clip deep in your shirt
And put your whole clique deep in the dirt
Smell me?


(Hook-2x [Lil Wayne])
Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em


I'm the youngest Hot Boy on the field with heaters
Let my nine-millimeters kill your peoples
Bust up in your house and put the gun to lil' Renita
Give me the yay, or else I'ma put her in her sneakers
Wow (wow, wow) you can catch me in all black with no smile
Me, Turk, G'z and ouch - chicka-Pow!
How come these niggaz keep burnin the world
And why the hell this nigga Weezy keep firmin your girl?
Turnin the wheel on the orange and teal, Bentley drop
Then I'ma put that up and hop in the van and hit your block
Tell your mom to get the cops cause y'all gon' need 'em
When you see them bullets that my glock pop, y'all gon' eat 'em
See this for all my niggaz in the pen, I hope for freedom
And this for all my niggaz buyin bricks, I got 'em cheaper
Keep a nigga quiet as a mouse when I come
Wayne #1 Hot Boy, hot as the sun - ya smell me?




Nasty case, nigga run up in your crib, crash the place
Blast the face, automatic attach to waist
You bastards play?  Then it get awful and bad
There will be no more walkin for dad, and it's off with your head
A nigga either gon' get it right, or they get it at night
And when they spit it, lick his ass twice like 20 damn dice
Henny and ice is what I prefer but light on the rocks
I pack them clips tight on them glocks and light up your blocks
And if there's, coke involved then your throat's involved
I get the toaster and roll up and smoke most of y'all
Me and my nigga Super Sosa, run up in your crib
While your grandma watchin Oprah, jag her up and rope her
If you [?] chances slim like Ethiopia
If you want drugs, I got more flavors than Fruitopia
Recognize it's real and nuttin udder than that
Cause one from the mac'll have blood coverin your back, ha?




I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that can cover for me
Yeah, got some game from my days
So she might say she love me
She don't love me like she say she love me
Believe me, believe me
I'm that nigga, boy they love me in the streets
I'm not tryna find nobody else to beat
I'm the one they come to see because they all
Believe me


Yea, uh, rip, rip
It's been me and Young Tune off the rip
That's the man that put me in this shit
If a nigga fuck with him, I'll put him down quick
Got a verse for anybody wanna talk about the clique
I've been takin' shit light, you don't wanna hear me trip
God damn, do y'all really know who you fuckin' with?
Yeah, I mean you can't blame me for wonderin'
Doesn't matter, could be winter or the summer
On the road, I do One Direction numbers, I don't fuckin' miss
Yeah, Stunna and Mack know
When Wayne was gone for eight months, we put this thing up on our back
And I was snappin' off on every single track though
Collect call from the boss like where we at though
I was like, "Hah, it's our time, nigga"
He left Rikers in a Phantom, that's my nigga
And I've been rockin' with the team, Tha Carter ix
And we ymcmb, waitin' on somebody to try us, nigga
Yeah


I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that can cover for me
Yeah, got some game from my days
So she might say she love me
She don't love me like she say she love me
Believe me, believe me
I'm that nigga, boy they love me in the streets
I'm not tryna find nobody else to beat
I'm the one they come to see because they all
Believe me


Lord knows I'll murk one of these niggas, yeah
His and hers Ferraris, nigga
One for me, one for my daughter, nigga
Waitin' for someone to test me like a Harvard nigga
I tote a 223, two Michael Jordans, nigga
Come on, fight these shell cases like a lawyer, nigga
Find out where you stay, and act like we found some oil, nigga
Out of duct tape so when he prayin', I ignore the nigga
All I gotta say is sayonara, nigga
Drop dead gorgeous but the bitch ain't dyin' for a nigga
Where the real queens at? Shout out Capone and Noreaga
We can shoot it out and see who live to tell the story later
Diamonds in my Rollie face, cannot be exfoliated
They think I'm associated, I'm the one that orchestrated
Yayo get her ass whipped, whip that ass like horses racin'
Ain't 'bout what you walk away from, it's 'bout what you walk away with
Dead Presidents, them coffins vacant, I must be doin' somethin'


I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that can cover for me
Yeah, got some game from my days
So she might say she love me
She don't love me like she say she love me
Believe me, believe me
I'm that nigga, boy they love me in the streets
I'm not tryna find nobody else to beat
I'm the one they come to see because they all
Believe me


Had to get it poppin' off the rip
Rich young nigga that ain't never had to trick
Slim Thug flow but you know I like 'em thick
If she get a job at doa, I drop her off a tip
I had to get it poppin' off the rip
I'm the one they tell ya been reppin' in the 6
Come into the city and ya niggas get to trippin'?
We'll take ya to the Scarborough Bluff and drop you off a cliff
Well damn... Just be happy for the man
Nirvana, Coldplay nigga got bands
Ink from the money got it all over my hands
Goin' out to Houston spendin' all of my advance
V Live just took me for a cheque
Drake you know I love you, you just took me outta debt
Yes right now you are lookin' at the best
Mothafuck award shows and mothafuck the press like that!


Mothafuck the rest
When they jumped off the porch, I was stumblin' up the steps
I'd give what I collect before I give up my connect
It'd be a cold day in Hell, icicles made of sweat
One finger... Slidin' 'cross my neck
Niggas know what that mean like they deaf
Nigga I'll fire this nina like it's her first day
On the job and the bitch overslept
Tune stay humble, nigga I'm a king
Need a horn and a drumroll
They throw mothafuckin' roses at my feet, nigga
I don't step on one rose
I'm the only one that get the job done
I don't know a nigga that can cover for me
Tape a couple kilos to the bitch stomach
She look like she got a bun in the oven from me
Preheat... Believe me
All you gotta do is pay me every week
I had these bitches havin' babies every week
I'm the nigga, see me skatin' in the streets
Gone


Push Impalas and Caprice's (Believe that daddy)
Starch flat no creases (Believe that daddy)
Got that work, you a D boy (Believe that daddy)
You a H-O-T Boy (Believe that daddy)
Do ya Bentley got them hoes (Believe that daddy)
That's, that weed smell in yo clothes (Believe that daddy)
Bet a hunderd, shoot a hundred (Believe that daddy)
It's my block, I run it (Believe that daddy)
Got them 20's on ya ride (Believe that daddy)
Got the gator inside (Believe that daddy)
Fine bitch, bow-leg (Believe that daddy)
And she go both ways (Believe that daddy)
Slugged up in the front (Believe that daddy)
Got a trunk full of bump (Believe that daddy)
Got cribs, cars, bikes, dykes (Believe that daddy)
'Cause that's what hoes like (Believe that daddy)
Now I do it for the ladies, do it for the ladies
I do cause I wanna push a cat-eye Mercedes
I do it for my dudes, do it for my dudes
All the niggas on the block that got that work to move


(Verse 1 - Lil' Wayne)
It's Weezy baby, young and from the Dirty South
Get up your dope, I'm putting birdies out
Like thirty in my mouth, so I can say
Fuck you bitch you still ain't got a dirty mouth
The hood still ain't got over the drout
So you should sleep on your roof, just to watch over ya house
Nigga we tymin', the cost of my watch over ya house
I'm a boss man, I watch over the South
Jazze Pha, let's hop in the Lammy (Lamborghini)
Stop by Sammy, chill in the hood, you good, you family
My boys like to pull them blammies, and big pimp
Mami suck dick 'til she pull your hammy, homey
You know we only, keepin it gangsta
Deep in the Range, 17 in the chamber
All I need is my banger, nigga it's Weezy
This shit is over somebody cue me


(Chorus)


(Verse 2 - Lil' Wayne)
You don't wanna play wit me, I touch you man
Lose ya man in a tussle, but y'all don't see me
Y'all can't hear me, this a def jam, call me Russell, man
I played on Martin, call me hustle, man
And now y'all know I'm the yee-yo muscle, man
But on the under, I got that wonder, to stop that thunder
That rumble in the side of ya stomach, piled on water
How do you want it, come through in a Coupe powder blue or
High with water, how do you want it man
Ay, I towed a lot of tullies dun, I den broke a lot of hoopties dun
I den drove a lot of QP's from, here and there on the road
For the nigga gotta move his son, and I show you how to do this son
That's, that boy Weezy We, CMB, BITACH, and ya stunned


(Chorus)


(Lil' Wayne talking)


Bring the crowd and I'm loud in livin' color,
It is Weezy Fuckin' Baby got these rappers in my stomach, yummy,
I'm takin' it I ain't askin' 'em for nothin',
If you sell a million records we could battle for your money,
I'd rather count a hundred thousand dollars on a Sunday,
Watch a football game and bet it all on one play,
Still stuntin' baby yes I'm still flossin' latest car on the market with the top peeled off it,
Big wheels make it look a little bulky, you look a little salty have yourself a chilled coffee,
Chill out the girls is still out, even though I am a boss I got papers to fill out,
I'm busy I got paper to reel in, God I hope they steppin' at the end of my rod,
I hope I'm fishin' in the right pond,
And I hope you catchin' onto every line,
Who am I?


The Best Rapper Alive (Yep) x4
Swagger right (check)
Game tight
And they gone are-E-S-P-E-C-T me
Who?
The Best Rapper Alive (Yep) x4
Swagger right (check)
Game tight
And you should be afraid, be very afraid, yeah!


The heart of New Orleans,
Thumpin' and beatin, living and breathin',
Stealin' and feedin', peelin' and leavin',
Killin' and grievin', dearly departed,
Erased deleted,
No prints no plates, no face no trace,
Out of sight out of mind, no court no case,
Sell his chains, celebrate


Block party, 2nd Lines, Zulu Ball,
Essence Fest, Jazz Fest, Mardi Gras
Shorty Bounce, Body Rock
Now he drop, now he got family
Try tell a Fed, tell a cop,
Smell a rat comin' back to the house to the spot
Tap-tap, knock-knock,
Who is that? (ch- ch- wop!)
Triggaman, Hoodieman,
Tell the kids Boogieman,
Pistol Pete, Ammo Mammal, Gunman, blum blam! Ha ha,
Damn Sammy you done fucked up,
Pussy ass niggas put ya nuts up,
Just call me:




'fuck up wit all these rookie mcs,
You smell like a bunch of pussy to me, Fuck 'em!
Fuck 'em good, fuck 'em long, fuck 'em hard,
Fuck who? Fuck 'em all! (Yep)
Like that yeah just like that,
Right back I'm on that money train and that mack'll knock 'em off track,
The quarterback, well protected from the Warren Sapps,
The young heart attack, I spit that cardiac,
You can't see me baby boy you got that cataracts,
I'm right here straight out the hood just like an alley cat,
Since everyone's a king'll where the fuck your palace at,
Me I got callus on my hands, I can handle that,
It's no problem, baby I so got it,
It's just a victory lap, baby I'm just joggin',
Yeah, and I ain't even out of breath,
The muthafuckin' best yet, sorry for cussin',
Who?




D-D-D-Diesel on the beat
Shhhhhut up bitch... Let Anita speak!
I think on the remix of this song I'm a get uh, Common and Kanye
Yeah... Ok yeah


Anything you can do I could do better
I avoid trends and I'm still a trend setter
Weezy just let em, just let em die
I got all the answers so they call me when why
What where who, you think you fly?
I'm up there too - you fly, I flew
I'm up there too
You know they say two, is better than one, time
I'm, out there pimpin all the time
So keep your two cents before I give your ass a dime
Pistol on my waist gonna need a funeral and wait
Cause I'm a put that motherfucker dead in your face
R.I.P. I know my history
Run dmc but my girl is only worry bout one dmc
And I'm the shit like I-M-T-H-E-S-H-I-T, haha!


I do this!... When I want to
Nah really I can't control it
Even if I didn't wanna do it
I would do it! Hahahaha
Yeah...


Ready to battle anyone
I'm a go with God and a bag full of guns
Yeah I'm an animal hear me growl
You against me is like Man Vs. Wild
Me against you is like man versus child
Hehe and I am the man
It's Young Moolah, applaud my team
And we prefer red carpet if the floor's not clean
It's Mister, it's the microphone fiend
And they running with my words like I'm writing on jeans
Yeah, and if the lights could all scream
They'd sing my song, I like to be seen
I deserve to be heard if anything else
So I fear God and the world going deaf
Can you hear me now? Heh
Even the Hip-Hop vets tell me I'm the...


Scary!
Don't stop the beat Diesel
Cause I got the heat Diesel
Like diesel, yeah...


Heh I put it down like it's too heavy
But how can I with the world in my hands
Heaven in my plans
I swear I am important like the evidence I'm saying
I'm just trying to make my alphabets as heavy as I can
How do I live, when I'm as deadly as I am?
I get props and every other extra credit that I can
Cause see, I respect the merit of a fan
No homo but please blow me to Japan
Okay I'm getting hotter I'm a need another fan
I keep going so here I go again
Always trying to be better than I am
Label me the best and in the throne I will stand
Why? Because I'm just a stand up guy
Your hands smokin me cause I got your hands high
I'll probably be in the banga Ja Rule when "I Cry"
You only know me but God knows I try
No x-ray show my insides
And I gotta stay in touch with my pimp side
So, tell your girl I said what's up... I said hi...
She like that's what's up... Like the sky...
Byrd Gang taking off bitch watch em fly
And paint the sky red like the Crimson Tide
Flow retarded, Special Olympics kind
That gold medal heavy but it fit just fine
So, I just had to spit this rhyme
Spit like I'm trying to tongue kiss this rhyme
Some say greatness gets better with time
So I bought a zillion watches but don't watch mine
You little fucks are so I-ron-ical
Nickel plus fo' is a nine millimeter
No starch but I tote I-ron
All out in the open like I'm in I-ran
Young, champ-I-on, like a lamp I'm on
But um, I could clap and then lights off
Take no nights off but my days the same
And people change but fuck it nothing stays the same
And naw I ain't speaking so don't wave the blame
Lock me up but you could never cave the brain
Gasoline, can you invision if our gaze was flames
No you can not stop my vibe, couple page a game
Dang, a game? Yep, well gimme some crazy frames
And if this camera shoots me dead, Lord save my chains
Lord save the rings, I am way too vain hehe
Listen to that Kanye again
I play the game like I made the games
You playing like your trying to get traded mane
And you ain't gotta call me the greatest mane
But I am more of a dog than the greatest dane
You boys acting like ladies mane
Crying like you bout to have babies mane
And you can find me grinding on the days we playin'
And that's because I know the sun'll raise again
And when it do I'm a praise the mane
They say you crazy Wayne, but I just bake em mane
And that's Ms. Baker saying, that I'm the...


Hehe yeah
So, now I got...
I got the, I got the, I got the R&B; vets saying I'm the...
Hahahaha... Lil touchie bitch!
Young Moolah baby...


(feat. Scarface, T. I., utp)


Young Face slangin, Ya Ya Ya
Heavyweight, Got a bad bitch in every state
On the grind, nonstop till I touch this cake
Mark ass niggas, stay the fuck up out my way
I be true O. G., you can quote what I say
I'm a H-town nigga from around the way
Southside, ridin' dirty like I'm ugk
Asshole by nature like my name was Tre
And I don't gangbang, I control the Game
What I'm representin' here's puttin' holes in brains
Oh, I say the same thing till I'm old and grey
For I falloff and rap about my clothes and chains
Grippin' grain and poppin' trunks, Dawg that ain't me
These elbows hit the scene back in '83
I stay street with it, dun asked that
You can find me in your hood pumpin' monster crack
I rollover rodents with rims on em
Sniffing out a rat, I expose them and then bend on em
I lotta bitches but they claiming they O. G. S
A straight up pussy, he claims he knows me
See I puttin out these vvdees
Let my shit hit the streets, he got to squat to pee
Got them eggs on these beams, so they watchin' me
Might trap for a rat, pussy watch and see


I been straight for a long time
Gettin' checks for a long time
Gettin' Jake for a long time
E&J; for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me
Been a G, for a long time
Been in the streets, for a long time
Toting heat, for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me


I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status


It's your price, but I ain's scared
It's my pleasure to say it right, don't think I ain't said
They got prices on my, nigga I don't slip
Clips longer than giraffe necks, that's why I don't trip
Just open up and let em rip, nothing new to a G
Hey, I ain't worried about these niggas, till they shoot at me
My partner died, daughter too, your excuses to me
Still a busta ass rapper I'm refusing to be
Scarface seem to think I'm the king,
You're a fool if you think,
There's another new, young rapper dude out there that's cooler than me
I choose in the V, brand new with the beat
I live real life like I say I do in the beat
Yeah, true indeed I do indeed
Do it for the O. G. S and the true mcs
Them bustas say this year I got brand new and it's all phat
But the fightin' in the club, I'm done with all that
Nigga, his ass out of line, then his ass gettin' whacked
Give a west-side 10 stacks and that's that
But maybe less as a matter of fact
Nigga don't be testin' the professor, What's the matter with cats


I been straight for a long time
Gettin' checks for a long time
Gettin' Jake for a long time
E&J; for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me
Been a G, for a long time
Been in the streets, for a long time
Toting heat, for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me


I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status


I Been doing this shit, nigga who are you
Little nigga I done seen keys bigger than you
Nigga, you ain't know shit,
Cut off a nigga head, make him suck his own dick
How the game go
Money over bitches and flowers over snitches
Money over bitches and flowers over snitches
Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)?
Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)?
Yaaahhhh!


Came here to exercise my game
Spreadin' love to the hood's, how I do my thang
Smokin' with my homies, barbecuing them wangs
Sip hennesy and coke, cause I don't fuck with dranks
Hoe pop pills either cause that shit ain't coll
We just drunk and mad dawg for we went to school
Lik off, back then I was smashin' boys
Jump wrong, you saw a nigga get his ass destroyed
Same rules right now, I demand respect
If I slap one hoe, then her man's is next
I'm a kick door robber, A hot shot driver
A crack rock slingin muthafucka for a dollar
If you dare to be laid, then off in the acky
But if it ain't no way, then best believe I'm take it off a
A nigga with no hustle, it ain't work it yet
And a bitch like that is even worse than death
Out in the hood bullshittin' is what this game can cost him
And if a nigga can't maintain mane he lost it
Be a nerd, and they fuck nerds in jail I heard
As a nigga, I'm up in here with my balls and my word


I been straight for a long time
Gettin' checks for a long time
Gettin' Jake for a long time
E&J; for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me
Been a G, for a long time
Been in the streets, for a long time
Toting heat, for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me


I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status


Big James








Bam! Bitch Nigga lay face down and the dirt/ count the ants u jerk/ im the answer u jerk/ not like Allen nor Paul ear but u can still get hurt/ u got speak a little louder cause a Nigga got small ear/ either that or he ain't wanted around here mothafuck/ I know get hunted around here mothafuck/ and they call me Big James around here mothafuck/ got any problem call Maine im here/ up in the fest Nigga/ bumping vest Nigga/ gonna out like a western ride/ Is im wrestle naw/ but Nigga still haven't learn lesson from that 88' accident/ this rap shit was a accident/ I suppose to sell crack and shit/ but came out kinda talented/ and I balance/ im PH balance Nigga don't test me/ just might make u burst in to tear/ when switch from 1 to 3 gear/ pop my gat and the potato drop/ Yo / but u ain't really that hood though/ yo girl really a hoe doe/ and ya whole hood know/ and I brought the chain really gold never eva rose/ with the very big my logo/ and the hoodie is over me all I need is the 44 man/ if u fuck with me it blow blow/ all man im Oh so serious/ man I need find so more bitch/ and my flow Oh so various/ I know no boundary/ no homo's around me just gangster man/ what the possibility/ of me falling off this rap shit/ and tomorrow I'll be/ across the from ya crib/ like behind the tree/ on my way to ya doorstep/ like behind the key/ Man/ y'all Nigga better keep buy me/ or bring out that bad guy in me/ u don't want that/ man they say the squad is too hot/ dey say it still be hot during August and July/ I don't want to go no more/ ........ Fuck it we got that remix




If I put u on my hit list/ u gonna walk around with football equipment/ tha guns that we squeeze put bullets in ya chest/ cause we squeeze arm like blood pressure test/ I bet u want Big James to slump ya clump ass/ I'll push a clip between ya lip and mustache/ touch my cash and taste the floor/ my 8 make ya face hot like straighten combs/ I wanna make this known if I don't blow fuck it/ I got ounces of haze that go for four hundred/ when the haze come in/ be on the block all night/ wit bags the size of monopoly dice/ if u caught snitchin then a cannon to ya rib/ I'll make u strip nake like d'anglo did/ I get more bread then u/ and get more head then u/ cause I do shit u scared to do/ Maine...... Eazzzzzyyyy


Ima the wrong one to  fool wit/ I got 2 clit clit/ the pump will have u nasty like pool split/ u a bitch/ if u eva speak wrong/ I'll have ya hood Nigga sing Rest In Peace song/ keep playin and wake up in a truck/ I'll u pussy bleed/ like it's that time of the month period/ Im serious I hand out ounces/ I be running through abandon/ burn haze come back out and serve the block/ wit a bird in a Landry detergent box/ and some dirty clothes/ so it does seem like im toss packs/ it just seem like im goin' to the Laundromat/ it's a real shame/ especial/ when the Jake know your/ ya face/ ya birthday/ and ya real name/ like yo Kane/ and I still throw record lies/ and I flip pounds/ and I don't mean excise/ I make Nigga upset when I rhyme/ u want to battle/ lets put some bets on the line/ if u run number we can get down right naw/ man write down my two way number/ if u tryna hear 'bout Maine/ just dial 877954-/1893/ that what u nigga page went u tryna find me/ ..... BITCH


We go to sleep with the fussin'/ then wake up to the fuckin'/ breakfast in bed/ don't forget my English muffin/


When I hit the block/ none of u nigga be standin'/ I'll pull the burner out my draws/ you gonna piss in Ur panties/


Nigga want to fight/ I'll talk to hamburger/ who want beef/ who want beef/ when u look outside/ you will see cop being murda/


Had ta struggle for success/ hid grams in girls breast/ stick bricks ... under they dress/ Nathin' more/ Nathin' less/ Cause I hustle/ ta be tha best/ in tha game/ wear diamonds in my chain/ so everythan' anit tha same/ Boy thank I be playin'/ Ima treat like tha same/ drag across tha street/ shoot him in the brain/ put him in tha house/ and pretend/ everythan is tha same/ Ya boy lil maine/ but u can call me big james/ Cause Ima big/ in tha change/ but lil in the fam/ but everythan' gonna change/ when I get my pinky ring/ camera be on me/ like it was a super bowl ring/ But I still got super bowl change/ Cause I put that white stuff in a super bowl man/ it's tha best/ u can test/ pull it out tha left side of my vest/ cause I deal tha best/ so tha block neva rest/


Money in my hand/ body on my heart/ good thang we got a forgiving god/ got a lot of bitch/ none got to my heart/ Neva fall in love/ that's a bad start/ so I keep my girls away/ that's a distance part/ love my money/ never distance part/ stay a distance away from the snitchin' part/ snitchin ass nigga/ take away his lookin part/ Ya/ Ima all that and a bag of chips/ all day that what I do is bag some chips/ for what/ you know to shot up a bitch/ shot up his bitch/ if that bitch nigga start bitchin'/ Ya/ no sympathy at all/ stay that way/ and nigga u will never fall/ fall down to the endless ditch/ that the endless pit/ it's time to end this shit/ Bitch....... My Nigga Tremaine S Jackson AKA Big James


(Big Tigger)-a you lockdown ta the south to W. B. I. T. C. H were the w stands for wahh!!! Hit us at 180-nobitch what happenin
{Caller)-hello
{Big Tigger}-yo
{caller}-yeh man check this shit out I went to the concert last night you know the after party and the niggas put on rashed's shit
{Big Tigger}-Roc master rashed?
{caller}yeah you know what I mean aint nobody move noboby did shit but when they put Wayne's shit on everybody you know tvs fell down mutha fuckin helicopters come from the fuckin sky twirlin an shit niggas throwin money every goddamn were but you know rashed mandat nigga you know put countryness in rappin he want ta save the whales dosomethin from the fuckin earth
{Big Tigger}-yeah he aint bringin that heat like 500 degreezdats what we got right heh wit lil wayne and cash money caller 2 get up out ahh heh


Unn hun
Yea
Unn


Skinny ass pants
Fresh pair of vans
If you n-ggas keep trippin n-gga share an ambulance
Throw up blood with my hands
My gang poppin n-ggas smoke that kush and not that reggie
For you name droppin n-ggas
All day I do it
I do it like Tony
Got a sign on my dick that say bad bitches only
I dont drink champagne, it make my stomach hurt
Man Im on that Patron, fuck with me wrong and get murked
Got a silencer on the gun, that bitch go pu
Got-Got a mean ass swagga, my bitches do too
Yeah all my n-ggas nuts and Im a loose screw
Bitch I get big bucks, pockets on bruce bruce
Yeah I talk that shit bitch I got bread, bitch I got toast
Welcome to the murder show I am the muthfucking host
They call me Weezy F Baby yes I do the fucking most
Im at their throats until they choke
The God has spoke I need a smoke wait (smoke wait)
Now let it breath to em,
yea


It goes all these bitches and n-ggas still hatin
I used to be a baller but now Im Bill Gatin
Got a list full of problems, I tend to em later
yeah life is a bitch but I appreciate her man


All these bitches and n-ggas still hatin
Yea I used to be a baller but now Im Bill Gatin
Got a list full of problems, I tend to em later
Yeah life is a bitch but I appreciate her man
Yea


It go dark ass shades, I cant see them haters
Now eat these fuckin bullets, dont forget to tip the waiter
Dress like a skater, ride on you like Shawn White
Im high all day, you can call that shit a long flight
Every nights a long night, every day is a holiday
I dont fuck with squares now do that mean Im out of shape
Yes I talk shit, got to defecate to conversate
Weezy fuck the world, yup I fuck it till it ovulate,
Get her to the crib get in that p-ssy and just dominate
Weezy F baby and the F is for fornicate
Polo Ralph Lauren bitch, yeah thats what my pajamas say
Big tall glass of some shit you cant pronounce-ier
Booger in the bezel of my watch with the vomit face
Still I do not give you mother fuckers the time of day
Pistol in your mouth I cannot make out what you tryna say
And if they want a war, then tell them mother fuckers bombs away man


All these bitches and n-ggas still hatin
Man I used to be a baller but now Im Bill Gatin
Got a list full of problems, I tend to em later
yeah life is a bitch but I appreciate her man


All these bitches and n-ggas still hatin
Man I used to be a baller but now Im Bill Gatin
Got a list full of problems, I tend to em later
Man life is a bitch but I appreciate her man


Let it breath to em,
Just let it breath to em
Yea haha
Young mula baby
Young mula baby


Just let it breath to em


Yo J. Are?, they've been waitin' for you dog. They've been asking.
You ready? Dipset, Lets go! Writer


To all my hustlers, rock smugglers, stugglers
Block bubblers, pushers, cookers pot jugglers
What's the word y'all, Flip that herb raw
Clap....... That's the bird-call


If the cops are comin, get to hop n runnin
Quick and drop that onion, ain't no stoppin youngin
Put away that herb raw, let us know the word whore
Clap........ That's the bird-call


I still be where the weed flip, and the peas with the trees lit
So much water in the order, it's just leaving them sea sick
But it's me in my V6, trying to skeet on her bead lips
They don't know, like I'm trying to keep her a secret
Act wrong, chrome, passin me dome
Next minute, shit I'm finished, she'll be flaggin it home
But I always keep a straggler, that's known to bone
And run through a lap, faster than marion jones
Man listen, I still got them grams flippin tan pitchen,
Corner to the damn kitchen
Gained a couple fans having made the transition
But I'm still in the hood like a transmission
No cat can match me, I'm passin fastly who half as nasty
I got it locked from here, all the way to cak-a-lacky
But keep a mac for scrapping, thinkin it's just laffy taffy
Shit this beat dun be the only thing clappin at me




Spokenyeah, I'm ready now)
Birdman Jr. And J. Are pigeons know who they are
Niggas gotta pay off
Snitches know to see yall
If chickens on the radar, I'm at it
'cause I get it on my day off, aint nuttin like getting weighed off
Scrape off the plates
Shake off the flakes
Dad daddy make all the kit kat
I gotta lay off the way ya'll hate me like I'm adolf,
But ya'll can't see me, Ray Charles
I steal whores
I'll probably take yours
Because you peel off and I take off
Give me no space whatever I want I takes,
Whatever I need I bleed and see
Bitch nigga don't breathe on the weed
I'm fucking with them birds
Without feeding them seeds that's creed you don't know about it,
Full clip how I go about it, full body,
Hard body, I'm like ya'll got it yet




Spokenkilla, dash, hoffa, you funny nigga.)
Damn, Homie
In high school you was the man homie
That's what a fan told me shiiiit
Same old cat, get his Kangol clapped
Brains blown back, this is dame, but dame don't rap
Shame on black, the game's so whack
Dame sunk some children
From in front of yo buildin straight to a hudred million
Bad pimpin pimpin, bad actin doggyy
Getcha limp on pimpin, if they actin froggy
Tell em back up off me, I come down clappin forty
Pow that's a badder story, not in my category
Mess around, dame held def jam down
Supporting my back, jackin and they left their pounds
Red-neck found, tech tech pound
Duck duck goose, pump pump shoot,
Shoot lets get down
It may seem petty,
But we all turn mean deadly
For green-fetti,
My whole team ready




This ain't only bars and tracks, this is for the hardest cats
Flippin all the harder back, make them catch a heart attack
When you see the narcs attack lemme know, start to clap, clap, clap
But start with he deals, your pa be on chill
The car is Deville, is real I'll
Heart in the grill it's far in my mills
Cruise the city with the semi or the celly
On skinnies like I'm starving my wheels




Biznite... Biznite...
Nothing but it


I'm dippin' in a black milleny benny sittin on twentys
Top off when the city's windy me and pretty Cindy
She dressed up in pretty Fendi and she sippin remy
I'm Iceburg nuttin but whenny all the way to my tinny
I'm hotter than a semi' cause this girl she
And plus my head is spinnin from drinkin this fifth of Henney.
I stop at any deli cause this freakin with her penny
And aint no tellin how many she umm already been in.
We get inside the room and she gigglin plain grinnin
Slowly the lights dimmin and I'm slippin on my jimmy
I'm feelin with her titties this is only the beginnin
I stick it in her kitty now she screamin come on gimme
I'm flippin this chick over and I caught her slowly bendin
I'm hittin got her twistin this is my ninny you hear me
And when it's time to quit I got her soakin wet and drippin
She asked me for a kiss    ah... .
Chorus
Biznite is you trippin
Biznite is you trippin
What
Biznite is you trippin
What
Biznite is you trippin
He  he  he  Wha..
You nothin but a sack chasin c*** chasin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cause all I wanna do is hit it from... I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I aint the pa
Nope I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
No I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
Nope I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
If your baby come out saying wha.. I aint the pa


I ride up in a Porshe Boxter see this fox her name was Tasha
I got her when I stopped her at Mcdonalds with her partner
I jocked the way she rocked her lil Versasce and her Prada
I'm Iceberg (?? ?????)
I jot her my phone number later on gave me a holla
I popped up by her mamas so her nigga wont know nada
She took thirty minutes play me like a some kinda coward
Now hopped up in my car and started talkin bout her doctor
She said she started ridin it in her babys fathers Honda
She wish that he would trade it in and cop a brand new Mazda
I'm drivin to the (??) to the back and put the top up
I roll down all the windows put the car in function "watch the"
I tried to touch her thigh she moved my hand and said ah ah bro
It took five minutes to bang then you know she propper
I'm knockin out her brains
We got the car shakin' and rocklin'
She asked me for a kiss   ah...
Chorus
Biznite what's your problem
Wha..
Biznite what's your problem
Wha..
Biznite what's your problem
Wha...
Biznite what's your problem
Wha...
You nothin but a sack chasin c*** chasin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cause all I wanna do is hit it from... I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I aint the pa
Nope I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
No I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa


There was this stoofy name was Lucy came up to me at the movies
Said she just saw Balla Blockin and thought that I was cute
And but you and baby too can still come over early Tuesday
I just bought a new mansion just finished it and my movie
I knew she was a new from head to shoulder she was Gucci
And me I'm Iceburg Tom and Jerry Darryl Goofy
She say "oo" it would be so nice and usually she would do it
But lately she been (?? ??) just came from institution
I say that's cool 'cause I don't really wanna have to shoot him
I gave the braud the pager number and said that she should use it
As soon as I flew by in that navy and baby blue six
She beeped and left a message that she come up with a solution
I scootin a run through straight to my house I wont be foolish
She had no bathin suit and then want me to see her booty
I oozed it in her coochie when she got in my Ja'causezi.
She asked me for a kiss  ah...


Biznite is you stupid
Biznite is you stupid
What
Biznite is you stupid
What he he he what
Because your nothin but a sack chasin c*** chasin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cause all I wanna do is hit it from... I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I aint the pa
Nope I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
No I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
No I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
If your baby come out saying wha.. I aint the pa
You're a sack chasin c*** chasin biznite
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite
'cause all I wanna do is hit it from... I don't even wanna talk
If your baby come born with braids I aint the pa
Nope I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
No I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
Nope I aint the pa
Hell no I aint the pa
If your baby come out throwin up "W"'s I aint the pa nigga.
Ummmmm
Ummmmm
I aint the pa


(feat. Juelz Santana)


Now this is what they've been waiting for
Ya dig, Santana
Weezy F.
Ay Wayne
What up man
What you been workin' on nigga?
Oh you know, I got Currency's new album
And I'm finally workin' on my album, ya dig
Oh I'm ready to brush my shoulders off and drop my next album too nigga
That's what it is
But dig this, they wanna know what we been workin' on together
That's that "I Can't Feel My Face Shit" they know what
So if they ever thought the South and the North was gonna collide
Guess what, we already did


I'm feelin' like a black Republican
Naw, I can't call it
More like a black Democrat runnin' 'em out of office
Young Barack Obama, I'm all for it
The Rock of Gibraltar has now fallen, on ya
I protect my land like a farmer
Pockets stay chubby like Tikara
Or should I say fat like the Parkers
Tote big guns like I'm still playin' Contra
Y'all washed up like money that's laundered
Y'all funny, I'm bonkers
Honest, girls strapped to my dick like a harness
Rock star, flier than an ostrich
And I cover east, west, north, south like a compass
I shall shine forever, never tarnish
Money buried behind my house like a garden
All green, my bank account's like a forest
I Can't Feel My Face is gettin' started
And Weezy is my accomplice, ya dig
A black activist like Sonny Carson
Stripes of a sergeant, salute me
And chicks, I get 'em high
Higher than turbulence is
White Phantom, lookin' so Fergielicious
I'm from the city of big drugs and murder victims
It's get rich, go to jail and be a murder victim
Ai!
Now all y'all listen
If you can't take the heat, get out the kitchen


I feel like a black Republican
Tote a mac in the public and
Act so southern n' die for my brethren
Money, money, money
Like money Mac and publishing
One life to live, never ask for a mulligan
Streets cold but the heat make me feel covered in em
Been done had cake day late like Ed Sullivan
Fly like an eagle but no I'm no Donovan
Boy you better go eat some soup with your mom n' them
And my mind is on another continent
I am real Cash Money, no counterfeit
I don't parkin' lot pimp I just politick
Bet I get all in her mouth like polident
New Orleans representa to the inner
Come from the city where the glitter don't glimmer
The sun don't shine and the guns don't sleep
Wake a nigga's ass up like he got somewhere to be




I'm feelin like a black republican drug money comin in
I'm a volcano filled with lava bout to erupt again
I stay with the iron don't make me plug it in
Stay outta rich kid's business don't be buttin in
I stay with a chick that's ready to unbutton it
Forget her tongue she put her lung on it ha
My listerine comes out she start guzzerin
I'm above you dudes I'm hoverin
Juelz why you duckin them duckin who?
I'm in the hood like what it do comfortable
And believe me it's nothin to
Send my london boys to english muffin you
You poodles barkin too much they bringin muzzles through
You aint gully you gullible
Man they need love, they need hugs,
They need church, Jesus
This is jus a sample yea a free drug
The shipment is in, we done re-d up
But I don't trust dudes like a pre-nup
They cockaroaches, they gotta be bug
Maybe cause they them
And we us and we up
I'm ballin fareal ya gotta d-up
I don't hear you boys speak up
What are you guys sayin [?]
I have the chaufeur hold the umbrella over my head when it's not rainin


And we wanna let the world know
This is not a diss song either people
We don't diss them we dismiss 'em, ya dig
Recognize or step aside, ya dig
We let the music talk, Draught 3
And by the way, it's Santana, I'm back
It's Weezy!
You dudes gotta stand in the mirror backwards 'cause you can't face yourself
Assholes
Dipset for life
Cash Money, whaddup
Young Money


Manfred Mann's Earth Band's "Blinded By The Light" Sample] (Lil Wayne)
Blinded by the light (Yeah)
Revved up like a deuce, another runner in the night (Yeah)
Blinded by the light (Skull Gang)
Blinded, (Young Money) Blinded
Blinded by the light


You see my chain glow, follow that rainbow
I could put bengals around your ashy ankles
I hope you get the picutre, like Pinko's
That I love you overall, like paint clothes
Baby, Wayne knows what you like
Now baby gon' shine, cause you bright
And me plus you equals too bright
Baby they gon' be


Blinded by the light
Revved up like a deuce, another runner in the night
Blinded by the light
Blinded, Blinded
Blinded by the light


Py til I die, just beacause, pyru, b's up, bitch I'm me


Young mony is the label
Let us in the door, comin in this bitch all red to the floor
And I'm blooded soowoo and I'm blooded soowoo
I got bloods on stage bloods at my shows
Fuck with my bloods got blood on your cloths
And I'm blooded soooowooo (2)


Once again it's on, yea I'm back in the booth
Stand at the top like a tac in the roof
Still on these hoes like a mack in a suit
Still on my toes not a crack in my shoe
Rappers talkin about me but I don't give a hoot
These niggas still lyin I'm the muthafukin truth
Talk tough till I knock off your kuff
And I own my team, I'm like a Maloof
They hatin on me I'm just tryin to be weezy
Just like young jeezy in lambobingghini
Smoked out my mind baby and now I'm seein threebies
Dope boy fresh from my fitted to my dc
All red so these hoes know who we be
We B's Bloods we B's
Pop pop flow yea ya'll niggas sweet peas
Gettin high on a yacht call it see me




Yea, I advance my flow and they must like that
They like it so much, they say they wright that
Barkin at the dog, but I don't bite back
I aint cpr I aint bringin they life back
Bad cpr bad bitch on a bite back
Skittles on my wrist, yea nigga the bright pack
Ima shine, I live witha light hat
Airforce fly call me a night jet
Brand new coupe same color as the sky
The dash same too, lord know I'm gon try
Cop pull me over lord know I'm gon lie
They go up in my trunk lord know I'm gon fry
Them niggas throwin salt all over my fries
So ima just walk all over them guys
Niggas throwin darts never hit the bullseye
Young money bitch new orleans east side




Yea, been around the world rep the same thang
Been around the world it's the same gang
B's up B's up flame gang braa braa braaa braaa bang bang
I tol my homie streets can't sleep on life
So he popped the X pill and didn't sleep all night
I aint worried bout you I'm just tryin do me
Last album did 2 I'm just tryin do 3
I am what every pair of eyes oughta see
Bitches just wish they could call a art of me
My momma used to tell me just get a 9 to 5
Cash money made her say never mind I'm fine
(B's up!)




The streets make the hustlas
Hustlas make the world go round
The world is made of keys, ounces and pounds
The keys, ounces and pounds is made from hustlas
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta cop it, chop it and cook it
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta kick in the oven now watch it bubble
And you can knock on my door
But you can't knock the hustle
But I- it's like a game of twenty-one and I got nineteen
And my Jake but I put more 'd' on me
Lil Weezy Wee gon eat that's how it is
Got insurance on the floor man I'm that positive
And I'm shaggy in the saggy lens
Me an my squad in the paddy wagon tally Benz
And you know I put the mags on that
. 45 mack with the flash on that
Who want it
Everybody sing along


Now I'ma ride cuz I got riding in my bloodline
And I'ma shine cuz I got shining in my bloodline
I get that dough cuz I got hustle in my bloodline
I bleed concrete


And when I move, I move out with the raw
I move out with the squad
To his album we ride we so mob
I throw lives and lowest to live
For my loaf of bread the people's player
I did what the culture said
And I live by the coast of Nostre Cid
Fuck around I'll knock your shoulder from your head
Get it right I'm a soldier till I'm dead
This kid is white with buttonholes inside that bled
I'm pumping o's with lots of hay
I'm so high and really I don't even know why
And oh I just go buy a whole house
And lay my mat down lay her back down
But I never put my mack down
You see the thug in me
You know Weezy he the young son of Bubba-B
Buy my basketball shorts with a thunder B
If you want it then come to me
I'm right here




I'm G'd up
Only follow the code of the streets
Live bad to die good
Know how to move when hustling by the days with no food
But just so I can eat
And ain't it a bitch
And if you see me getting fat I'm probably getting rich
And you probably can see me for some crack before six
And after that it's all bricks
A fake and my palm is wrapped around this eight
And my arm because the dirty south is straight Vietnam
I skate with the bomb
I'm asking you don't play with me at all
Shots hit your ass and make three of y'all
It'll take three of y'all to fill one of my shoeprints
Cuz I did and do shit that's better than new shit
Fit for two clips
The kid is a nuisance
Awww man, he's inspired by his own gangsta music
And the Blueprint
Cruising through stoop with the ewe lit
Like ooh shit this is more than weed, it's 500 Degreez




I live it up like these are my last days
If time is money, I'm an hour past paid
Ughh, gunpowder in my hourglass
Niggas faker than some flour in a powder bag
Yeah, I put it down like my hands hurting
I'm on a natural high, but I land perfect
Some of us are lovers, most of y'all haters
But I put up a wall, and they just wallpaper
So love or hate me, I stay hate-free
They say we learn from mistakes, that's why they mistake me
I got some weight on my shoulders, to me it's like feathers
All hail Weezy, call it bad weather
I stick to the script, I memorize the lines cause
Life is a movie that I've seen too many times
You're on the outside looking in, close the blinds
And they say never say never, but fuck your nevermind
I've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home


Yea and I'm a Blunt blowin'
Polo draws showin'
I don't give a lovely Motherfuck ass nigga
With my money growin, no matter where you goin
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga


Blunt blowin'
Polo draws showin'
I don't give a lovely Motherfuck ass nigga
With my money blowing, don't matter I got more and
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga


Stunna, I got em, I'm back on them bitches
All about my riches, my name should be Richard
Cut the bullshit out, I'm Edward with the scissors
Life is a choice, and death is a decision
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch
I still got the vision like a line between two dots
Young money's eating, the label getting fatter
And yea, the tables turned, but I'm still sitting at em
I'm a bad motherfucka, cuz the good die young
Everybody selling dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one
Man when that cookie crumble, everybody want a crumb
Shoot that hummingbird down, Hummingbird don't hum
Yeea, Big money, big money, deep pockets
Money talks, and motherfuckas eavesdropping
Bunch of bloods, you could call it blood clotting


East side, My Piru Damu,


Imma Blunt blowin'
Polo draws showin'
I don't give a lovely Motherfuck ass nigga
With my teeth glowing, I'm on my Deebowin'
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga


Blunt blowin'
Polo draws showin'
I-I don't give a lovely Motherfuck ass nigga
With my money blowing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga


Light that Ashton Kutcher, I'm a limit pusher
Y'all dead meat, and me I'm just a butcher
I do it for the money, man I am such a hooker
And freedom was my girl, until they fucking took her
You can look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids
But I don't wanna know, cuz shit I like surprises
Why that, why this, why you on that why shit?
Motherfucka ask me why, I say ym
Beach bum, call me ocean drive slim
Drop the top, look up and make the sky grin
Young moola, skinnies and some supras
Belly of the beast till it pukes
Motherfucker


Blunt blowin'
Polo draws showin'
I don't give a lovely Motherfuck ass nigga
With my teeth glowing, I'm on my Deebowin'
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga


Blunt blowin'
Polo draws showin'
I don't give a lovely Motherfuck ass nigga
With my money blowing, no matter where you going
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust yo ass nigga


I've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home
It's young mula, baby
Young mula, baby
I've been gone to long
True or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, Welcome home
Yeeea


Lil' wayne lyrics


"BM J.R."


Yea shorty, you know what I'm talkin bout'
I peep these niggaz out here they slippin like they ain't bout
Money no more man, so what fuck
You know what we gon' do ha?
We gon' do what we been doin nigga
We gon' load up, get a lot mo' and a lot mo' and say fuck em'
Nigga
Keep fuckin hoes
Loadin up on mo' bitches
Then you know what I'm sayin, we gon' get greedy too nigga
I ain't never gettin' full, I'm full blooded with this grind
I got it


Murder capital, only key to survive is kill
If the elements don't murder you the riders will for real
And niggas know I goes hard to the fullest
Get involved and I got' em' playing dodge ball with bullets
Yeah
I got the sawed off, fully in the sean john hoody
Get fucked ya play pussy
We hit em' up while they ain't lookin and them body shots hurt
And the head shots took him
Damn
And if the read dot spot him then the hollow head got him
Knock his top to his bottom jack
You see me grind from the bottom just to make it to the bottom
At the very bottom of the map
Lou-easy-ana pirahnnas everywhere you at
You gotta wear an extra condom and an extra gat
Yo bitch could get it for actin like a man
Them niggaz in Pakistan impactin on ya man
I back his hand ya man on command
In front of niggaz he cool with the boys on fan
I'm on hot, I adjust in different climates, duckin the animal keep on runnin wit
My primates
You ain't did it till you done it like in 5 states,
Weezy hustle no blubber I put on weight
And in a drought I go on I diet and stretch more
Loose all that weight, leave a nigga with stretch marks
You don't even come up to a nigga chest part, subpar,
What the fuck they play it in the club for?
Real shit I'm duckin bombs from a drug war,
No religion but the cops swear that I'm a drug lord
Father forgive em' for they know not who they pushin lord
Father forgive me if I have to send them to ya lord
I'm just tryin to dodge the shots they send to the god
They riding up highway to heaven boulevard
Damn, them niggaz pussy and jive, not even in an eye exam they ain't lookin for "I"
The A and the K will make ya face crook to the side
Now when you smiling everybody gotta look from the side
'cause when you wildin you ain't lookin, you just lookin high
And when we hungry you look like pie
Sweet potato ass nigga, you lemon merangue, apple custard, cherry jelly
Don't make me get the biscut buster
What up gizzle you my distant brother
Real shit nigga same father different mother, yep
I skip the frontin and sticks to keepin it trill
You not know me for nothing other I'm something other them people you feel, I'm deeper for real
I'm deeper than skills, my speeches can kill
Rest in peace


Yeah, you underdig, shorty it's all about one thing nigga,
If you bout money nigga come fuck with us,
If you ain't bout money get the fuck from round us nigga
And whatever you bout we bout it, however you wanna get it we can give it to ya
Order bitch, ya underdig
Put ya prints in nigga
Put ya feet down and ya nuts on the concrete and lets roll


Ay, ay
You sleep in a field for tryin the dude
I bust ya head to the meat, turn ya mind to food
Food, cruelful thought, think I ain't lying to you
I lie his body in grease set fire to him
I tie his body in sheets, put the tires to him
Make him feel the escalade, put his feet in the blades
Damn
I'm the heat in the blaze a nigga keep they ways when I'm in the streets with blades
Watch, my nigga hungry, he'll eat the plate
And if I ask, the homeboy will eat'cha face
Yea
And though he got me, you can ask, I'm like a pool table
I keep the eight
Haha
My side pocket sideways when I pop it leave a nigga sideways for five days
Birdman talk to em'


Yeah nigga, I tell em', I tell em' again shorty
If it ain't about money get all the fuck from round us


Ay, ay,
Check my swag, I travel like sound dawg
You play hard in the gravel like ground dog
I'm underground call me groundhog
Lay down laws call me ground law
Don't confuse me with the law, naw but just confuse me with my pa
Because I am the Birdman J-are
I ain't trippin nigga, I play the corner like ripkin nigga
With the 40 cal ripkin nigga, rip a nigga
Flip ya vehicle, split ya windshield
Whack ya Baby momma but I let the kid live
And people say that I am a kid still, 'cause the lil nigga still ride on big wheels
You feeling animal then come on and get killed
And sig pill bandannas like banana's
Say I'm slight bananas I blew a weekend in havana
In my cabana with my bottom bitch from savahnna
Man a train couldn't stop ya man
I man up and you not a man
I stand up, say I got my land
I'm the man of my land
Call it lil-weezy-ana
That's the new plan


Yeah nigga, you bout some money get at me nigga
That's the only way
Dumb shit we bout that get at me
Nigga roll solo, dolo nigga


Chorus:
Where I'm From These Boys Go Out n Bang
Lo los wit the doors out to swing
Aint no issue
An' it damn sure aint gon' miss you
If it's out to get you
Then dat thing wont miss you


(Itll leave a it'll leave a it'll leave a body bag X3)
(Itll leave a body bag it'll leave a bo body bag)


Lil Wayne:


Tool on deck why would I lie
Na you a pussy
Hope you got 9 lives
I can hit a na wit a 9 9 times
Country ass boi country like leann rimes


Mississippi, D Banner 'n' Lil Weezyana
E'rbody got 2 so you will need a hammer
I'm a Pill poppin animal syrup sippin na
I'm so high you can't reach me with a Fuckin antennae


You fuckin with this man you can eat his man dinner
The 9 get me bruntin but dat ak at lever
Your out there the same flowin like a bad river
Make your ass quiver like you naked at winter


Chorus:
Where I'm From These Boys Go Out n Bang
Lo los wit the doors out to swing
Aint no issue
An' it damn sure aint gon' miss you
If it's out to get you
Then dat thing wont miss you


(Itll leave a it'll leave a it'll leave a body bag X3)
(Itll leave a body bag it'll leave a bo body bag)


Young jeezy:
I'm amazin Yea I'm all dat
If I aint on my grind
Then what you call that
Victorious, yea we warriors
We make history, Strive off victories


Standin at My Podium
I'm Tryin to watch my sodium
Got high blood pressure
Even if tha Feds getcha


I'm amazin Born on a Full moon
I was bred to get it in No Spoon
That's why I'm so Crude
Summertime no Juice
Make Them Small house No Room


They like O God
Night comes so hard
Look what he's been through
He deserves an applause


Chorus:
Where I'm From These Boys Go Out n Bang
Lo los wit the doors out to swing
Aint no issue
An' it damn sure aint gon' miss you
If it's out to get you
Then dat thing wont miss you


(Itll leave a it'll leave a it'll leave a body bag X3)
(Itll leave a body bag it'll leave a bo body bag)


T. I.:
I'm a pimp type, Na ride clean after midnight
Ready for the gunplay plannin for a fist fight
Roll up on ya bitchin ask ya what the pussy hit'n like
First he out der frontin then a minute she would get it right


Put it down without a fuckin wit a nudda bitch now
I'm the king of all ossevago remember this is tip town
Hey ye aint ready pussy na betta sit it down
We mack night n rocksteady na spit rounds


Tore da stomach to spaghetti den it hit da ground
Tossed the choppers in tha chevy now we mashin down
Camo too countin all your benjamins n hammer tubes
As far as I'm concerned it's jus a jar for your jealousies


Chorus:
Where I'm From These Boys Go Out n Bang
Lo los wit the doors out to swing
Aint no issue
An' it damn sure aint gon' miss you
If it's out to get you
Then dat thing wont miss you


(It'll leave a it'll leave a it'll leave a body bag X3)
(It'll leave a body bag it'll leave a bo body bag)


Yeah
Tell em
Yeah


Weezy bad
Na really I'm good
Sound like a T-Rex live under my hood
And a loaded tech live under my seat
Put ya in the ground
Now you live under my feet
All white diamonds on the front of my teeth
And you better put the O in front of my G
The bullshit they talkin doesn't come to my knee
I'm like a linebacker don't run it by me
My two best friends will accompany me
And right now they are in my dungarees sleep
One name Mack one name Nina
They hit ya make ya do the macarena
Where ya tools
You gonna need like a motherfucker
And I'm so New Orleans it's like a motherfucker
It's young money and we eattin get ya own supper
Make me go off to the trunk and get da bonecrusher


Techs ak's, I leave the scene ugly
Chest head face - arm leg stomach
I neva been afraid I aint scared of nothin
Because I got my thang my thang my thang
And that bitch go boom
Boom [6x]
You hear them guns like boom
Boom [6x]
Yeah
They like the way I ball they call me hot sauce
They no I keep that toaster you can be my pop-tart
I neva had height but boy I got heart
And I aint gotta speak I just let my car talk
I got more clips than any movie you saw
I pull up on ya like I need some grey poupon
Hard hat no but I got tha tool on
And you should be my paper if ever tha tool drawn
Yeah
Flow retarded when I spit I get my drool on
I don't rap I just shit like newborn
I don't write I just spit like a tooth gone
So tell them haters cut it out like a coupon
How come that chopper sound like a new bomb
Little nigga gotta hold da bitch wit two arms
I got dat heat tha fire and tha luke-worm
I'm on ya heal like a shoe horn


Techs ak's, I leave the seat ugly
Chest head face - arm leg stomach
I neva been afraid I aint scared of nothin
Because I got my thang my thang my thang
And that bitch go boom
Boom [6x]
You hear them girls like boom
Boom [6x]


Ridin round the city wit some brand new heat
Brand new car, brand new feet
Brand new seats, brand new smell
Put out the roach and lite a brand new L
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new
Fuck u bitch my shirt brand new
Fuck u bitch my shoes brand new
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new


I'm cold like a midnight in aspen
I am the president and the assassin
Cameras on, big lights action
Welcome to the show I am the main attraction
Money in the matress money in the attic
Money on my mind, money is my habit
Stay on my grind, until money's automatic
Bitch I love money, I'm a fuckin' fanatic
Always strapped, grip tight graspin'
Say what? who me? clit clat blast em
Chrome 24's, tires thin like napkins
Gotta ride big cuz I am like, a captain
U know I'm a boss chillin relaxin
Probably in my office doin my taxes
U lil niggas so not in my bracket
And I don't even have time to practice


Ridin round the city wit some brand new heat
Brand new car, brand new feet
Brand new seats, brand new smell
Put out the roach and lite a brand new L
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new
Fuck u bitch my shirt brand new
Fuck u bitch my shoes brand new
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new


Action ridiculous price, your camera has never saw a picture this nice
I'm fishin' and the bitches will bite
It's probably 'cause my game is fixodent type, right.
I'm fukin every bad bitch twice
And if she doesn't wear panties then I fuck her on site
I'm nasty like spice, I know what she likes


I can make a black woman scream like she white
I can make a white woman scream like mike
But before she start singin she gotta check my mic
Niggas just hatin and I done lost sight
It's like I don't see 'em I only see the light
Talkin that shit but u boys just hype
I hope you bring a gun to the fight, iight?
Louie V. tennis shoes big brown stripe
You think u fresh? Shit, nigga I'm ripe


Ridin round the city wit some brand new heat
Brand new car, brand new feet
Brand new seats, brand new smell
Put out the roach and light a brand new L
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new
Fuck u bitch my shirt brand new
Fuck u bitch my shoes brand new
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new


Brand new coupe drivin crazy than a mutha
I'm low in the seat with the burner sittin under
Got my tank top, top down, it probably aint summa
But I ride like that cuz I'm hotta than the others
Damn there aint no keeping up wit the brotha
Man I could spell my name in burn rubba
I'm gone, leave me alone
Now the dog is at suppa
You can wash my plate and put it back in the cupboard
I'm so far ahead of them suckas
Imma have start rappin in numbers
I promise the flow it wont stop it come rapid like thunda
I bet you'll hide under ur covers


Ridin round the city wit some brand new heat
Brand new car, brand new feet
Brand new seats, brand new smell
Put out the roach and lite a brand new L
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new
Fuck u bitch my shirt brand new
Fuck u bitch my shoes brand new
Fuck u bitch I'm actin brand new


Brand new money, Brand new boston
You act brand new, And get a brand new coffin
Little bro, I gotcha, hold ya weight and ima spot cha
All I you need is the combination to the locker
I'm the hip hop rocker
I'm the hip hop doctor
I'm in tip top shape
And my flip flops gucci, drinkin sake eatin sushi wit a bunch of bad groupies
I swear I'm a walkin movie, you ain even gotta cue me
And baby I'm the shit, you aint even gota do me
Cuz ain no one gon do, me better than ima do me, so so ima do me
My watch say time do me, you don't kick it like a kick it bitch I kick it, I'm kinda bruce lee
Ima shooter behind the shootin, I'm the looter behind the lootin
And I got so much swagger I swear swagger tryna sue me
Your girlfriend tryna knew me, I mean she tryna to get to no me
She said that she can do all I kinds of crazy shit to get to know me
Ok lil twist I'm kobe but I'm shootin like ginobli
No one after nor before me I go to earth wen mars is boring
What am I work you can't afford me but your baby moms addore me
She wanna read my tattooos like a muthafukin story
That's another fukin story but ima get to that later
You don't know what your in for and call me mr data
Or you can call me it's the greatest or for short just the greatest
I swear I walk right on the lot and bought the longest mercedez
It's weezy baby hoe turn up ur radio
I'm in the penthouse fukin on the paddy o
She call me daddy yo she don't wear panny hoes
And wen I'm done watch I do magic make her vanish yo
But she was spanish though and I like the spanish hoes
Yea two of them and one of me is a weezy sandwich hoe I be like damn them hoes
I am an animal I am the chief of the tribe like a Seminole
Crazy lke anne nicole but I'm expandin though
Man I swear I don't need securtiy I need fan patrol
And I am young mula and so is twisty baby
And don't you ever forget that and don't forget the baby
Gone


(Lil Wayne talking)
We have them bitches like it was unplugged
Its Weezy Wee, Mannie Fresh, and Unplugged
We have them bitches like it was unplugged
Weezy, Fresh, and Unplugged


Verse 1:
(Lil Wayne)
Give me a big fine bitch in a dress
One put them lips in effect
Suck the dick 'til the shit in her chest
You can piss on her brest
I like that shit
Project hoes like that dick, Don't bite that dick
Give me a Spanish sweet hoe
Black from Puerto Rico
Freak ho, Specialize in givin' me deep throat
Really don't care how short how plump, short or thick
Give me head, Don't care, Swallow c** don't spit
Aww shit, I like them Jamicians and them Hatians
Niggas can't take it when they shake an make me rape 'em
White girl's I video tape 'em and they enjoy it
They love it when everybody saw it
Its off tha chain
High yellow Mexican bitches they all for brain
But watch them hoes who want the change
Its not a game
Or short cuban hoe, With a fat ass though
An I'll keep the bitch just like Fidel Castro


Chorus:
(Unplugged)
Tell me what you like
Let me tell you what I like
You goin' on an breakin' me off by the end of the night
You can ride with me
Cause I like ya Simmon's jeans
Ain't tryin' to make a love scene
Truly I just want you to break me off


Verse 2:
(Lil Wanye)
Weezy the hottest
Drinkin' Barcadi
I stream through the scene on a Lincon on Robbers
Lookin' for the finest dime, To wine and dine
Later on I'm tryin' to climb behind ya spine
Hold up lil mama, Slow ya ass down
Pick it up, Throw ya ass down
Now throw ya ass around
An scream me name
I can't hear you say it louder what (Wayne, Wayne)
A damn shame
Better watch that boy he nasty
I strap on a plastic
Break ya off like elastic
Put the dick in the middle, Make it wiggle for ya'll
Might be small, But that dick ain't little at all
I like a short thick broad, Fat ass an shit
Like Taso flip like Trina The Baddest bitch
Matter of fact when I see her, Pull her Over like a cop
Juve coulda Backed It Up an I woulda Dropped It Like it's Hot
Ha Ha, Ya heard me
Ha Ha, Unplugged




Verse 3:
(Mannie Fresh)
I like them big, round, yellow and brown
A bitch that take it from the back and make the (Ugh Ugh) sound
Now you can bounce, slide, drop, giddy up, giddy up
Now you can ride til you feel it hit a nut, hit a nut
Bounce for ya hood, Shake for ya baby daddy
Twerk for that nigga who got you pregnant in the Caddy
Slide with the ky, Hold up???
My bitch got thong, You bitch got drawls
My chick like to swallow, Yo chick like to spit
If yo chick was my chick I'd still love that bitch
Hold up, Chill out, Wait a minute stop
My Ginseng, Viagra, and a Strawberry pop
See I'm feelin' kinda bold, Why don't ya bring a friend
From vigina to the asshole do it again
I want a yucky down misses bout whatever
Yo mama loved a Tymer, Now you welcome
You ok Lil mama and I love that chick
But deep down inside I just love me dick


(Chorus 4x)


Nice tires on da ghini, 
You should wanna king me
Brain dead flow, vegetable zukini
I live on the beach, 
She walk around in her bikini
Girls are like a school, 
And cut em like seniors
I'm here to distinguish, 
The bears from the penguins
Life is such a gap, 
Get some money in between it
Glocs like police, 
Pumps like fenas
This beat gettin totaled, 
Pam, Keisha, Kema
Sittin on da World, 
Thinkin bout a girl
Pistol on my side, 
Paint you like mural
Dig in my pocket, 
Pulled out the party
Be cool before you get stumped and pulled out the party
Ha Ha Hollygrove shit, I'm on my Hollygrove shit
Lookin for a bad bitch, I give her dinosaur dick
Big bad flow Weezy, fuck the polices
Church like a choir and a couple of old priests
Elevator in my crib cause it's five floors
I'm not expectin you to have one inside yours hahe
Vince Young, suicide doors, haha, 
Life's a bitch, now die for her.


I have the type of flow n-ggas don't have to like, 
My rhymes is ambidextrous so I don't have to write, 
The way I'm eating n-ggas wish they had my appetite, 
Straight up out of Texas and I'm major like apple white, 
I pull four then I hit the exit door, 
Take a trip to Macy's cop the whole second floor, 
Hood smell the scent of money coming out my pours, 
Yeah my pockets full of dead people like a morgue, bore, 
I made it from a flyer to the forbes, (see me)
Young Elvis Freshly, yes he flyer than the store, 
Dropping babys out and your chicks cheek, kicks neat, 
Got your son looking up to me like I'm 6 feet, 
Your daughter need someone to save her, not me, 
I knocking hoes down like Laila Ali, 
Try he and imma put the toaster to ya kidney, 
Then I pull off in a Bentley top open like a chimney, 
Damn, it's no ceilings like a Colosseum, 
Candy slab, paint dripping like gonorrhea, 
The way I'm leaning I'm annoyed if I stand still, 
Flow harder than an anvil, 
Short (short)


Ok, it's Gudda hoe, 
All about my bills like buffalo, 
Your b-tch under my sheets, 
I heard she was an undercover hoe, 
Purple got me moving slow, 
Like I'm in a snail race, 
Pop pop pop 3 shots to the head, 
Then I pick up my shell case, 
Leave em with a pale face, 
Yes, I am a young money goon, 
Your girl like a motion picture she be coming soon, 
I do a certain rule, I pop her like balloons, 
I dance her of to Mills and drop her off the tune, 
Couple screws lose, wanna play with him, 
This is No Ceilings b-tch, ruthless like a stadium, 
We shut down every f-cking spot these b-tches see us in, 
You want us club, well n-gga pay us then, 
All grey BM, I'm getting from my baby M, 
She told us get the money and count it for me when I rake it in, 
Don't play no games hoe, 
You know my name hoe, 
G-U-D-D-A propane flow


(feat. Little Brother)


Hey baby look here, I got this new song I wrote, it's got that nice slow groove that everybody dancin' to, and when I play it, it kinda remind me of me and you. I mean, there's one more thing I want to talk about. It's time for you to come home, everybody got their problems I'm dealing with mine. I done gave up them narcotics, I'm a changed man.


She loves me, she loves me not.


How many ways can I say I'm done fishin'.
You wanted the role, smash the audition.
Havin' a partner for a man in my position eliminates the cooks in the kitchen.
Still I got a taste for that fast food, foreign cars, many women.
And some say it's the life I was given.
I say it don't matter if I work at Mc-E-D's.
I still got a fix for what you got between ya knees.
On a new broad, you still one to one.
Every once in again I like havin' some fun.
No disrespect intended but what's done is done.
Women steppin' out for love, men do what to come.
Not a playa like Pun, but when shorties get the grabbin' on me.
The last thought I get is Koobie run.
To them girls wishin' on a star that's will stun.
But I gotta tell it like it is hun, one.


She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go.
But if you're thinkin' of leaving you need to let me know.
We better together then further apart, so darlin' don't go breakin' my heart.


We was high school sweethearts, talkin' since we was teens.
Every morning, and every evening.
Ten years later she eatin' that mean cuisine.
I'm on the field, straight gone of that creatine.
In the nfl which mean Not For Long.
City to city, all the groupies they hop along.
Word get back to wifey, she like "Stop the song,"
I'm takin' the kids to my mommas, I'm out, I'm gone.
Momma was like Baby now I hate to see your tears.
But I've been with your daddy for 'bout 35 years.
And in my day I had to turn a blind eye to cheating.
But I ain't never had to wear no black eye from beatings.
As long as he doing right, by you and your kids.
How you gon' expect that man not to be who he is.
I ain't sayin' that it's right but we often pay the price.
Cause a womens life is love, a mans love is life.
And he gon' live it to the fullest, and I ain't tryna pull you down or sound like a broken record.
But you should know by now that all niggas is dogs.
Better to have a rich pit then a broke german shepard.


She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go.
But if you're thinkin' of leaving you need to let me know.
We better together then further apart, so darlin' don't go breakin' my heart.


I say I don't have nothin' if I don't have you.
Like Shadai, we got the sweetest taboo.
And my game is skin deep, like your first tattoo.
I gets all in ya head just like shampoo.
I just wanna fuck with you like rude polices.
I don't want a broken heart because I lose the pieces.
Hey, girl don't play with my gangsta.
And have the boy blue like a Texas Ranger.
And I know cheaters never get crowned.
So I play "fair" like roller coasters and clowns.
You gotta hold ya soldier down.
Even when the war is lookin' it is right around the corner.
And you don't want to leave me, believe me.
Cause I could turn you on like a personal tv.
It's young weezy, I know what ya thought.
But I'm just here to play my part, so don't go breakin' my heart.


She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go.
But if you're thinkin' of leaving you need to let me know.
We better together then further apart, so darlin' don't go breakin' my heart


Ladies and gentlemen,
People with jobs,
People without jobs,
Middle class,
Upper class,
High class, all dat,
Cats, snakes, chickens, ducks,
Elderly people and twerkers


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


Well, I'm fly as son of a gun a son
Of a Stunna, (yep)
High as a 757 goin to heaven, (no)
Weezy F da reverend preach about me I'm da god 1-7 apple and E
I'm da Cash Money Makaveli
Yall aint ready, break fast like Tom Petty,
Ya'll just petty
82' I was born ready,
I'm too ready,
Ya'll Betty Crocker balla blockas, I'm too heavy
Meatball Lamborghini,
Top spaghetti,
Seats Ragu,
Uh 20 inch shoes,
Ohh me and you got plenty to do,
I don't need no pool I'm swimmin in you,
And I sleep with da sharks,
Shorty on da water water,
And I be ma 840 mama,
Shake sumfin fo' me,
And it don't make sense if it don't make dat money,
Ima take dat money,...


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da


I take off my brim,
Moment of silence of my homeboy Souljah Slim (yeh)
Frontin roun' here will get ya back dropped off,
We do our own thing
We don't act like yall
I say black white walls wit da back wiped off
Ah, ya'll lil' bustas just a tax write off
I'm a stand up guy, not da type dat
Fall
We don't breed them kind, but they bleed just fine
Yup, Weezy da one only read between da line,
If you can't boy, read ma nine,
I'm goin hard in da black white diesel time,
Either I'm da illest cat doin' it or these cats is losin it
I be Eazy, fall back and be coo wit it,
Ball barrer is movin it,
Dead float I'm through with it
I'm da shh,
Na, na, I'm sewerage
Weezy F, baby, I do this here!!


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da


I'm old school gangsta,
I act like 80,
I look like Cita but act like Baby
You play with me I'll react like da Navy,
Nah, betta yet da army, yall gon' need dem fo' me
And ya head is a beepin' target,
You don't want me to see you with my peekin' tourmis,
Wizzle Fizzle, I keep in New Orleans,
Sleepin with women that sleep with da Hornets
Country boy there's sumfin foreign,
Bout a hundred thousand
More than what your in
Your not bout it, y
Ou freeze up like popsicles,
Pop up on bicycles,
Pop yall like spot pimples (yup) Wizzle Fizzle
Original hot bizzle,
Still Lil' Wanye but da dividends not lil,
Yeah, don't be suprised how da chrome feel,
Uhh get down, uhh get down,
Man I'm gettin frustrated


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da


Uhh, da best rapper alive,
Since da best rapper retired,
(uhh yeh yeh yeh)
Da best rapper alive,
Since da best rapper retired,


Ladies and gentlemen,
People with jobs,
People without jobs,
Middle class,
Upper class,
High class, all dat,
Cats, snakes, chickens, ducks,
Elderly people and twerkers


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


Well, I'm fly as son of a gun a son
Of a Stunna, (yep)
High as a 757 goin to heaven, (no)
Weezy F da reverend preach about me I'm da god 1-7 apple and E
Cash Money Makaveli
Yall aint ready, Quick fast like Tom Petty,
Ya'll just petty
82' I was born ready,
I'm too ready,
Ya'll Betty Crocker balla blockas, I'm too heavy
Meatball Lamborghini,
Top spaghetti,
Seats Ragu,
Uh 20 da shoe,
Ohh me and you got plenty to do,
I don't need no pool I'm swimmin in you,
And I sleep with da sharks,
Shorty on da water water,
And I be ma 840 mama,
Shake sumfin fo' me,
And it don't make sense if it don't make dat money,
Ima take dat money
I'm straight cash money


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da


I take off my brim,
Moment of silence for my homeboy Souljah Slim (yeh)
Frontin roun' here will get ya back dropped off,
We do our own thing
We don't act like yall
I say black white walls wit da back wiped off
Ah, ya'll lil' bustas just a tax write off
I'm a stand up guy, not da type dat
Fall
We don't breed them kind, but they bleed just fine
Yup, Weezy da dime homie
Read between da line,
If you can't boy, read ma nine,
I'm goin hard in da paint like diesel time,
Either I'm
Da illest cat doin' it or these cats is losin it
I be Eazy, fall back and be coo wit it,
Pall barer is movin it,
Dead flow I'm through with it
I'm da shh,
Na, na, I'm sewer rich
Weezy F, baby, I do this here!!


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da


I'm old school gangsta,
A Mack like 80's,
I look like Cita but act like Baby
You play with me I'll react like da Navy,
Nah, betta yet da army, yall gon' need dem fo' me, yep
And ya head is a bleepin' target,
You don't want me to see you with my peekin tarus,
Wizzle Fizzle, I keep in New Orleans,
Sleepin with women that sleep with da Hornets, yep
Country boy there's sumfin foreign,
Bout a hundred thousand
More than what your in
Your not bout it,
Y
Ou freeze up like popsicles,
Pop up on bicycles,
Pop yall like spot pimples (yup) Wizzle Fizzle
Original hot bizzle,
Still Lil' Wanye but da dividends not lil,
Yeah, don't be suprised how da crown fit em,
Uhh get down, uhh get down,
Man I'm gettin frustrated


Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out
Do da hump.
Put ya hands on ya knees
And bend ya rump,
Put ya back in,
Back out do da hump,


I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da map,(Ooowee)
I bring it back to da bottom of da


Uhh, da best rapper alive,
Since da best rapper retired,
(uhh yeh yeh yeh)
Da best rapper alive,
Since da best rapper retired,


(feat. Young Jeezy, Juelz Santana & Others)


Dj Khaled, We're The Best, nigga We're The Best Man
Whoo We Nikka (listen)


Just Got A Hundred Of That Brown Paper Bag Money
You niggas Really Wanna Talk Money?
Shit Real That's All I Could Tell 'em
Just Rap 'em Up Good So The Dogs Can't Smell 'em C'mon


Brown Paper Bag (thank God For That)
Brown Paper Bag (yo Khaled I'm So Focused Homie I Can See Clearly Now You All Ready Know What It Is)


Thank God For Those Days, Thank God For Those Nights
Though It Might Seem Wrong Thank God For That White
They Use To Call Me The Pirex Kid, Aka Young Arm And Hammer
In The Kitchen With The Pots Yeah Work The Glass
Hard On 'em Pimp Yeah I Work The Task
And When They Came In We Unpacked 'em All
Broke 'em All Down And Unrapped 'em All
Just Two Words nigga Duffelbags I Just Know It So Well
I Can't Help But Brag, Old Man Got 10 Mail Man Got 3
And Just Your Luck The Rap Game Got Me Hold Up


Here We Go Again Just Spent A Hundred Of That Brown Paper
Bag Money All On Timbs, And That Bad bitch Is All On Him
'cause The Cars That He Drives Are All Foreign
The Game Is Mine I'm So Far In I'm Speaking With An Accent
Just Cartwin, Can't Even Relax In My Room,
That Brown Paper Bag Money Push My Mattress Through The Roof
This For My niggas Getting Brown Paper Bag Money
This For My Strippers Getting Black Plastic Bag Money
We're Talking That Bad Money, That I. Are. S Can Tax Money You Dig Me


Just Made A Hundred Of That Brown Paper Bag Money
I Thank God For The Meal He Prepared For Me
Taking My Fam And My Li'l Dog Money
Thank God For That Brown Paper Bag That


Brown Paper Bag (thank God For That)
Brown Paper Bag (c'mon)
Brown Paper Bag (thank God For That)
Brown Paper Bag (we The Best)


Just Pulled Over In My 7-5
Big Bottle On The Dash, Hope He Let Me Slide
Got 20 In The Trunk You Can Bet Me 5
20 Minutes In They Dump I'm Gonna Let These Slide
We're The Best
Look At What We Drive Got Picnic Tables On My Lap Getting High
In The Back Of That Maybac And It Cost Five Hundred Thou
When The nigga, Spent Then With A Smile
Stacking Numbers That Alarm And Race
White House Still Moving Bricks Alarm Today
I'm That Bin Lading Boi I'll Bomb The State
I Ain't Come To Stay I Gotta Post Bond Today
2 Million In The Bag, I Ain't Wanna Brag
You Don't Know The Feeling When The Villain Peeling In The Jag
Just Staring At The Ceiling 10 Women That You Had
I Was At The Center Now I See You Feeling Just A (fag?)


Just Spent A 100 Of That Brown Paper Bag Money
It Feel Good To Be Young Money Cash Money
Rehab I'm Addicted To Fast Money
I Got Stacks And Rubber Bands Up In That


Brown Paper Bag (you're Dig)
Brown Paper Bag (my Name Is Weezy You All)
Brown Paper Bag (I'm Here On Behalf Of Young Money Cash Money)
Brown Paper Bag (i Represent 17 Road Of New Orleans Let's Go)


Practice Makes Perfect I'm Relaxing At Rehearsal
I'm Gonna Motherfucking Professional Like Hershal
Falker, The Talk Of The Game Is I, But I Wonder If He'll Still Be Talking After I Die
But That's Not Important
Money's More Important
And Understand I Been In That Water Like I Was Snorkeling
Understand I Been In That Water Like I'm A Dolphin
Miami Khaled Took Me In Like A Orphan
Why Did They Start Him?
Now They Can't Park Him
I Go Into The Booth And Just Change Like Clark Kent
Lamborghini Dark Tint
Philly Blunts Cigar Scent
I'm By Myself And niggas Run They Mouths Like Auctions
To Streets My Brother
Fefe's My Brother
And We Stay On Point Like A fucking Box Cutter
You Heard What I Said motherfucker Did I Studder
With My Brown Paper Bag, Here To Represent The Hustle I'm Out


Coka Baby Man You Know I Already Had Money
Definition Of That Brown Paper Bag Money
Try And Front As If You In The Jag Money
For The Cash I'll Blast Anybody That


Brown Paper Bag (that That That That)
Brown Paper Bag (thank God For That)
Brown Paper Bag (coka Baby Cribs Mania)
Brown Paper Bag (we Are Simply The Best The Very Best)


You All niggas Want Coka Music
The Costra Nostra Flow Show You How To Do This
Pen It So Easy, A Caveman Can Do It
Nigga We Simply The Best Don't Confuse It
I Confuse It, Critics Be Hating
Best Album Yet But Give Me The Same Rating
I'm Waiting Top Of Rap Rushmore
Etched In Stone Runt Top Puns War
Unsure Anythings Possible
4mil Spent Bought Out The Art Possible, I'm Picasso In The Versace Suit, Don't Worry My nigga
Khaled I Got You, Not Just 'cause I Want To 'cause I Got To, Put The Squad On Your Back Did The Impossible
It's Only Logical I Spit From The Heart, Brown Paper Bag Who Else For Joe 2 Guard That


Brownnn Paper Baaaaaaag
Brownnn Paper Baaaaaaag




You niggas gon' learn today
D4
Ymcmb nigga


Uh, hammer on the dresser, work on the stove
I'm sitting on the counter blowing purp out my nose
Red bone naked, in the bed flexin'
I say: "bitch I ain't impressed, you must of got the wrong impression"
Uh, I ain't with the bs, I'm flyer than pf
Man, we living in hell like a deep breath
Real niggas with real money, real bitches with fake asses
If she don't wanna fuck, I get on my skateboard and I skate pass her
Money on the table, guns on the table
Bitch I'm on that syrup, tell that hoe: "let go my ego"
And my girlfriend is a choppa, I finger fuck that hoe
Hello I am Tunechi, you had me at "hello"
Uh, drop top Maybach, clean like Ajax
Man I don't fuck with none of you niggas like rednecks
We got that work so come and get if we don't know you, you pay tax
I put a hole in your apple, what that is? Apple Jacks
Uh, pussy nigga I'll murder you then dance at your funeral
Blood I'll have a nigga drinking his own blood, communion
Wake up like Bone Thugs, I'll call your bluff, pick the phone up
Her titties fake but they look real, cubic zirconia's
Run up in your house, spare the kids and kill the grown ups
Your bitch call me when she hot, Krispy Kreme doughnuts
Shout out to my new hoes, shout out to my old hoes
I'll still wear that ass out like a wardrobe
Bitch, what they gon' say?
I'm still eating rappers on my fucking lunch break
Bad yellow bitch with a tongue like a snake
I let her suck my dick and then I fuck her to some Drake


And then I let that Kush burn, let that Kush burn
Yeah I let that Kush burn
Smoking gasoline, bitch
The booth on fire, I'm in here getting higher
Young Money, bitch we at the top like barbwire


Uh, money on my mind, I ain't thinking 'bout no bitch
I'm talking 'bout that scratch like my motherfuckin' throat itch
Uh, stop stuntin', if you ballin' buy your bitch somethin'
Stayed on the same team like Tim Duncan
Shit get real, if you scared go to catholic school
And if we want it, straight jack it like a padded room
Shoot your ass 100 times and stand over you
Lil Tunechi so fly, I got arachnophobia
Burn bitch, ak in my firm grip
Leap if you feeling like Kermit, sermons
Preach, reach and I'll smoke your ass like Cheech
I be faded like bleach, double barrel, Siamese
I like my swisher obese, fuck that bitch like police
Fuck these haters with no grease, you get chin checked, goatee
Money talks bitch and mine talks like Robin Leach
That lean got me slow as Lisa Turtle, ask Screech
Uh, bank card heavy, my wallet like a barbell
My girl got a fat cat, I call that shit Garfield
We'll bring the O. K. Corral to your doorbell
We pull triggers, not coattails, I make lump sums, oatmeal
I'm stuntin', gettin' new money
Trukfit money, Mountain Dew money, tell 'em
I get better like fine wine, I'm fire like cayenne
In the words of my nigga bp, I'll hit a bitch with a car bomb
Boom!
Lil' bitch
Niggas gon' talk, they ain't talking 'bout shit
Niggas gon' bark, I go Mike Vick
Fuck them fuck-niggas on that fuck-shit
Suck a nigga dick for some trukfit


Then let that Kush burn, let that Kush burn
Yeah I let that Kush burn
Smoking gasoline, bitch
The booth on fire, I'm in here getting higher
Holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer


Tune
Hahaa
Dedication 4
Meek, Sean, fuck with me


(feat. Twista)


Stop playin wit me cannon in my hand
And I'll be damn if any man disrespect me on my land
Intercept a niggas plans ineffective xxx nigga
I'm fi-fire man but I'll wet that xxx nigga
My vessel pump liquor
I'm a special xxx nigga
No frontin I'm in front of these extra last niggas
I'm a extra bad nigga I'm a side ways shooter
Open up the maserati xxxx the high way troopas
Cuz nowa days dudes a run and tell a troopa
So I hope that same trooper come find u when I lose ya (hey)
These niggas talkin out tha side of they medulla
Preserve a nigga put his body in a cooler
Turn hI'm into ice call me weezy the jeweler
Run up on me boy and get smoked like buddha
Who the xxxx wanna get it in ya next break
Gasoline on yo door steps... fire


Sicka than a bird flu I am the bird man jr
And you niggas just bird food
We livin in a whirlpool u gotta eat or get ate
And you look like bait
Don't u stick one hand over the gate
This dog treat u niggas just like steak... dinner
I'm that nigga take a break
My xxxx up is a perfect mistake... I'm great
Murder renegade music my flow stupid
I'm cold I spit mucous
I'm tight like suchus, righteous, rootless strap shoot cha
We rich sue us
Snitch leave em
Bitch sue us
Pushin up daisies, roses, petunias
Weights?, funeral, service, communion
I'm hotta than the mother xxxxxx hot boys reunion... weezy


So light it up and pass the thang to me
I'm fresh off patrol I could smoke a whole p
Can smell it in my clothes you can smell it in my seats
That's how a nigga rolls I was raised in them streets
I'm rollin up a sweet
I'm fillin it with keef
I'm too high to talk bitch keep it real brief
If it aint about money you don't even gotta speak
I smoke it in a paper, weezy smoke it in a leaf
And nigga ima stunna, I got runnas
And we keep them shotguns like huntas
We smoke thunda, it put me under
I'm talkin about straight purple kush that thundas
See I be fuckin with them trees cuz I'm straight out tha jungle
Keep about five pounds and we aint even tryin to hustle
Yall already know how that go
I get my kush from california
Get my dro from arizona
I can get cross the border
I got a ridda names Winona
And I be calmer than a somma
Inside of the phantom looks
Sauna n I still stay high and I still got my diploma
And I still keep the maggie on me like hommer
And I'm too sick man I'm spittin out a coma
And I'm still lettin the money pile like goma
And I smoke that kill, yall blowin on begonias
And I keep a fill of that grass like a farmer
And I keep that armor, try me and ill spin you around
Ill be with the stars and I aint talkin tinsel town
That's right the present town, bitches tear the fences down
Like prince in town
Boy I s***s a pound of that purple rain on the marvin's day
You wit me now?
Too high you can't set me down
We got that ak-47 white right on set painted and named it orange purple kush that million dolar top brand
I got that white ivory ice tee
Docters, requestin dope weed
Blazin up so much bomb
I got a bad bitch on my side
See see we just smokin we just smokin,
We just tryin to fire up
If you got the bomb bomb nigga come and light it up
Yah blaze up aint nothin like
Ridin by, drivin high
Me and all the hommies smokin
Dumpin if you chokin smokin
Smoke slow when they hit you cuz you might pass out
Look over at the bitches snatch a blunt up out a mouth bitch
Switch it to another scene
That has you smokin endo green
Some hommies be on that lean
Mix it with that endo weed
Because we fucked up we fucked up
You know that we fucked up
I like to smoke and drink
With that nympho plated thang
Because we fucked up we fucked up
You know that we fucked up


Killer!
Huh?
Callin' Lil' Wayne (Wayne) a...
... Killer!
What? What?
Killer!
What? What?
Check!


Hold up, you now under the deep cover of the lil' slugger
Callin' me head busta
Run with me K - blucka
Niggas done fled from-a...
... Me infrared, sucka
If him wan' play, busta,...
... Come make me dead, busta
Bein'-a half-way out my nappy head
But I don't care - I just grab my clip, slap and spray
Anywhere - it don't matter where a nigga stay
Just believe me when I say, "Guerrilla warfare"
I swear, it be some more drama about these bags
Niggas in black drive Jags - camouflage rags
Niggas' domes get bust wide open with blood and sweat
Niggas ridin' off in Hummers - laughin', drinkin' Moette
You know me: Colleon, standin' four feet
I'm to-tin' cannons, wearin' Rolies
See, these lil' boys, they ain't really up on my game
But once I run into that nigga playin' with Wayne, man
See, when I spin-a you bend then I be on you block
But when me jump out with the chop-chop, my nogga, you drop
Now where your niggas at, comradie? They not with you now
I guess they heard that when I'm ridin' I make the crew stop
Now, is you 'bout what I'm 'bout?
If you 'bout what I'm 'bout, you 'bout drama
Thuggin' in broad day with four glocks, a knife, and a chopper
I'm runnin' away, don't get in my way
My nigga!
Callin' me head busta!
Callin' callin' me killer!


(Hook [Lil' Wayne])
Them callin' me killer
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga
My niggy, when I'm out late call me what you want
Full of blunts
Look out your window, see who in the front
Me!


Them callin' me killer
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga
My niggy, when I'm out late call me what you want
Full of blunts
Look out your window, see who in the front


Check!
Now as the heat flame up
Them lookin'-a down the street, them think they see Wayne truck
Him whole block don't scare me 'cause me get me thing and bust
Them know that Hot Boys known to be dangerous
Now you. P. T. Come down - chopper city in the ghetto, my man
Now who that be in the car with the chopper? Oh, it's Lil' Wayne
I get my K - c***, aim, and put holes in your brain
Give me that rag, you ain't no soldier - wipe the blood off my chain
Gettin' blisty...
... Off in a black F-150
'Bout to do the old usual - hit your block, just spittin'
Heads spinnin' like a set of seventeens or somethin'
Respect me for who I be: seventeen, head-bustin'
Because-


(-Hook [Lil' Wayne])


Check!
Original Hot Boy - land-cruisin' with guns
I shall be the one who burn the block up
Never miss when I distribute anger up out my Cali'
Hundred shots automatic
Leave ya hopeless in the alley
Now, when a nigga runs up
If the nigga loveless (like me) would have his guns up
Just because of the simple fact that I'm a Hot Boy,...
... And got boys that got toys to stop noise
See, when me ride off in the Hummer, leave him set empty
Now him catch three 'cause him want beef
Now, me tried to tell the stupid boy, "Don't mess-a with me."
Now look at him - open up his casket and see
Click-clack my mack, twist my Philly cap to the back
Jump in the black and scream "war", and just "pow! pow!"
How you love me now?  With five barrels to your eye
The scene gets wild, and everybody gon' die
What the dillio? Fill a four-four clip
You'll get flipped for runnin' off at the lip
Who behind the gun slang,...
... Blood hang,...
... And twistin'?
It's Mis-ter Wayne
Come splittin' when I spit


(Hook- [Lil' Wayne])


-Me!
See, them callin' me killer
Huh?
Because them callin' me killer
What?
Them niggas callin' me killer
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga
What?
Callin' me killer
(Killer)
Callin' me killer
(Killer)
Them callin' me killer (Killer!)
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga (Killer!)
Killer!
What?


Howdy Do mutha fuckas it's weezy baby
Niggas bitchin and I gotta take the cannon
Listen close I got duct tape and rope
Ill leave you missin like tha fuckin ol balance
One hand on ma money, on hand on ma buddy
Thas tha ak47 made his neighborhood love me
Bullets like birds you can hear them bitches hummin
Don't let that bird shit, he got a weak stomach
Niggas kno I'm sick I don't spit I vomit
Got it?
One egg short of the omelette
Simon says, shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg
Then tell him catch up like mayonaisse
I'm the sickest nigga doin it
Bet that baby
These other niggas kno I'm wet crack baby, yes
Get back get back boy it's a set back
Clumsy ass niggas slip and fall into a death trap
Them boys pussy, born without a back bone
And if you strapped we can trade like the dow jones
Wet him up, I hope he got his towel on
I aim at the moon, and get ma howl on
Some niggas cry wolf, I'm on that dry cush
And when it comes to that paper I stack books
You heard what I said
I can put you on your feet or put some money on your head
Life aint cheap
You're better off dead if you can't pay the fee
Shoutout ma nigga fee
See every muthafucka at the door don't get a key
You outside lookin in, so tell me what you see
Its about money it's bigger than me
I told ma homiess don't kill him bring tha nigga to me, yes
Don't miss, you fuckin wit the hitmen
Kidnap a nigga make him feel like a kid again
Nigga talk to the cannon
Have a few words wit tha cannon
Tell it to ma muthafuckin cannon]]]


From philly to where I'm landin ima cannon
And I'm on that philly fiya shit
Then I come fully equipped
You try me get _____ and shotti in the whip
If a nigga try to stick me ima blam him
Single on them _______them ____ the butters got the greedy got the ____ got the whole enchilada
Homie kno I'm inside of your house
Tie up your brother
Make the prick call up your mother she might kno where to find you
I am on top of ma job
The heavyweight champ of the flow
Its flow like the ocean; open water you drownin
I will ___ drown em and sink em heat em and leave em stinkin
Sharks surround em and eat em nice ____
Roll over ya squad like I'm a punch card
You chumps you best guard your ____
I will take control of your soldiers
You wont listen til I toss em in the wok like chicken


A yo
I make it hard for rap niggas I'm peer pressure
Matter fact I'm motivation to rap better
I show niggas how to act how to dress better
I stay fresh more fitted caps than bat catchers
I'm the crack the smack the gun the rule the gat the strap the gun the tool tha muthafuckin
Other words I'm the real for real
We can go check for check or bill for bill
We can go chick for chick or skill for skill
The deal is sealed
Niggas aint real as will cuz ima cannon
And I handle well pedal like ____
And I got the 50 cal mag it's a handheld
I'm tellin you niggas I pop put a shell in you niggas
Ma nice watch'll helen keller you niggas
I got whores in the cannon camcorder bendin ova
Blowin gam by the quarter weed _____ nigga


Yea yea detroit red gettin change like them white folks
Dump it out the window of the range wit the right folk
Pain like a bitch the first day of her cycle
You betta scurry when I pull the cannon
Straps burn the streets like a truck through the gas
I love head and caressin a vuluptous ass
I ask your baby momma is she up to the task
She like damn red it's bigger than a cannon
Ma attire makes tha ladies say your man is too fly
Imported oils from iran and ____
Get caught slippin wit ya mans and you die
Where I'm from niggas be quick to squeeze the cannon
Detroit red always got some shit for ya ear
Show me love but keep it movin man cuz if you get near
Ill say get off ma dick and tell ya bitch to come here
Cuz you sweatin me and ma dj like


Legs spread far out, you kno how I'm standin
Yea I'm posted wit tha big homie cannon
I got niggas who don't like rap lovin our shit
We got niggas who was stuck on pac bumpin our shit
These niggas can't see me like I aint been around lately
A good battle when they at the mound it's gravy
Niggas healthy I'm betta
No spinderella, just a cigerella, filled wit tropicana
Yea vic found that nigga and we aint smokin no more regular
Keep ya midgrain I don't think you kno no betta
They lovin the trunk now they wanna hear mo shit
I play it modest like nigga thas summa our old shit
Got niggas I aint neva met wantin to fight me
Got hoes thas in love askin why you don't like me
Bitch I'm married to the game and I love ma wifey
Steppin ova competition man I love these nikes
I'm hot, they fannin
Niggas tryna copy ma style like the
Don't try to compare I'm in a league of ma own
If I aint listed at tha top nigga tha stats is wrong
All ya data is off, ya info aint valid
Artist of the century the competition aint balanced
True like master p and his two brothers
Don't call it __________


(Lil' Wayne talking)
So you made it, this far, hm hmm.  We upstairs, I let you up here.  You special. Marley, don't shoot 'em. Hm hmm.  You know what this is, still Tha Carter ii people, it's still Tha Carter ii people.  Yeah, you still in Tha Carter ii people, hey!


Lil' Wayne:


Yeah, all I have in this world is a pistol and a promise, a fist full of dollars,
A list full of problems, I address them like P. O. Boxes,
Yeah I'm from New Orleans, the Creole Cockpit,
We so out of it
Zero tolerance
Gangsta Gumbo, I serve 'em a pot of it,
I'm wealthy still fuckin' wit that block shit,
Wet ya ass up head to feet 'til ya sock drip,
Don't slip you might fall and bust ya ass,
No snakes at Tha Carter tell the gardener 'cut the grass',
I hear 'em but they talkin' under masks,
Stop throwin' pebbles at a bulletproof glass,
That's Cash Money honey-pie we ain't runnin' we on high screamin' 'fuck the other side',
Don't get caught on it, this the deadliest grounds I put ya heart on it, and walk on it,
The chalk for the art homie, how they trace ya after I erase ya,
Look around, we at war and you still in preparation,
I'm ridin for them reparations, no patience,
Slow paper is better than no paper,
Fast money don't last too long you gotta pace it,
You gotta know that paper, if you got it from a caper gotta blow that paper, gotta know that,
Photophobia, no Kodak moments, Fed's walls wit my pictures on 'em, naw!
I ain't even in the school yearbook, I don't do too much posin' got a cool killer look, ah,
Career crook, get ya career took,
I'm back like a brassiere hook, bitch cheer,
Camouflage ya gear, the hunter's here,
Better play it by ear, you ain't nothin' but a deer around here, and this hear is Tha Carter,
Serve it while it's hot out the pot to ya momma,
And Slim tell me ain't nobody hotter,
But get ya boy some dippin' sauce I want the whole enchalada,
I got 'em by the collar watch me drop 'em
On they head at the bottom,
You ain't gotta shoot 'em 'cause I already shot 'em,
And I ain't gotta get 'em 'cause I already got 'em, get 'em!


Keep pimpin [4x]


Keep pimpin keep pimpin keep pimpin keep pimpin


I got a bitch in the back I got a hoe in the front
One cookin the crack one rollin the blunt
I'm getin pussy and ass from my beautiful broad
If you lookin for that holla at ya boy
I'm a ma ma mack mack
A pi pi pimp
I spi spi spi spit out shrimp
I pull out clean
I get out limp
I walk like li li li limp
I talk like bitch get get chi chi chi
The best player on my team when I ball women cheer
And they love the way I come out with the gear
This jacket theese shoes don't come out this year
So if you love your girl don't let her come out this year
Cuz if you leave her out there then she comin out here
And that ain't fair and I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin cash money millionaire


Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
I'm a motherfuckin cash money millionaire


I got 25 dollars on my dresser and if I give it to my hoe
She gone bring back more not a minuite go she ain't getin that loot
And if you ain't got no money she ain't getin at you
I like em s*** high yella if you fit that's you
Ooh boo you can come and get in that coop
Take a hit of that fruit get hi wit wayne
Fly wit birdman jr. Wave hi to planes
Say bye to lames don't but they game
If he don't score in the first half bench his ass
If you play wit my money i'ma lynch ya ass
Like john lynch and shit don't tempt me bitch
Wipe me down cuz I'm filthy rich
If getin money a crime then I'm guilty bitch
And that ain't fair but I don't care I'm a mothafuckin cash money millionaire


Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
I'm a motherfuckin cash money millionaire


Sitin low in the car sit hi in the truck
Sit in the front of the plane way in the back of the bus
I got ladies for days I got women for months
Leave ya girl at home I made 21
I got that thang on chrome blades 21
I got them thang inside make me empty one
Pull it over to the side by a preety one
Like what's good mama come make the clouds jump over us come fly wit me
My diamonds bling my weed is rap
Call me wheezy the king call me wheezy the crack
If pimpin is dead then I'm bringin it back
Matter of fact it never died so I take that back
If your shoes too small shawty take that back
Cuz you gone walk all day till you make that back
And that ain't fair but I don't care I'm a motherfuckin cash money millionaire


Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
I'm a motherfuckin cash money millionaire


What's really good mommy it's ya boy w-h-e-e-z-y f baby so hi in the sky I'm so fly watch out for
The power lines ya know get wit me one pimp daddy


Fuck nigga
My blunt bigger than these lil niggas
Keep stuntin with your bitch ass
You'll get jacked and Jilled, nigga
Fuck wrong with these sissy niggas?
I'm smoking that Bill Bixby nigga
I'm spendin money, spendin money
Ben Franklin dizzy nigga! 
Your bitch on my dick, I told her I was busy
She say "Wayne on me, Wayne on me" cause yo ass need drizzlin
That pussy came gift-wrapped: bow and a ribbon
And if she bounce that ass then I'm dribblin
That pussy so wet, it turned into a Gremlin
There's only one me, ain't no equivalent
She give me brain, brain like trivia
I got a black bitch and a red bitch
I call them hoes Aunt Vivian
Chopper knock your face off
Black shades, Ray Charles
I be killing young hoes
I got your ho up in my graveyard
I ain't working with a full deck
But I pull out that Ace card
She grab that dick with 2 hands
Like she about to pray for it
Clips hanging, no curfew
Fuck you and who birthed you
I'm shining like church shoes
Birdman Jr.: y'all birdfood
I'm bout it... I said I'm about to cum
She opened her mouth: water fountain
When I'm on the scene I'm on that lean
Bitch, I'm drowsy
Man, I'm so high I don't know what I'm laughing about
I got bars, nigga
And it's happy hour! 


Riding round with them choppas, not them ninas
Riding around with a bitch named Molly and she on Molly  ha! 
Bitch I put my foot in your ass: karate
Man these niggas can't see me like a diary
Smoke that weed, let's get irie
Nigga shut up, that bitch got a silencer
Top of the gun there is a scope
I close one eye, I look like a pirate, fuck it! 
Truckfit my bitch up, Tunechi leave big nuts
I'm getting my dick sucked
I blow weed like it's dust! 
Spacehead: love pussy, hate feds
Just bought my girl a Ferrari Spider
Told her drive it like it got 8 legs
I'm a made nigga: Machiavelli
That Mack-11 necessary
I'm a hard head: I pop the cherry
No pussy no rats, no Tom and Jerry
They say your friends are your enemies?
Well, my friends are imaginary
I'm the motherfuckin resolution like the 1st of January
My ride cold and my bitch hot
I'm tired as hell but my dick not
I don't gas no bitch, no pitstop
Smoke Barney and Baby Bop! 
Y'all niggas act like lady cops
My niggas smoke like coffee shops
That's syrup gang, wafflehouse
Gunfight, I'll knock you out
My bitch titties is poppin out
We poppin up and we get it poppin
Mask on, gloves on
Like Mickey Mouse, clips stickin out
Like Nicki's ass
Smoking on that sticky bag
Weezy F: I'm big and bad
Small feet, but I kick your ass
I'm the trigger man, that shooting star
Eat that pussy like caviar
She treat that dick just like a straw
How you like them apples, Microsoft?
Now wipe it off... 
I do Liv on Sundays: church! 
Step off in that motherfucker fresher than some Certs
Uuh! Who the fuck is Stevie J?
I got the ball, playing keepaway
Kidnap your ass, kill your ass
Then hide your ass like an Easter Egg! 
It's Hollygrove to my deathbed
Just make sure my pillow's fluffed
Hit a nigga with a million shots
What you call that? A million bucks
Good weed, we pass around
Money talks: mine got a nasty mouth
It's Young Money, Cash Money
Til the motherfuckin day I'm Cashin Out!


Young Mula
Happy Music
Happy People
Happy People
Everythings alright
Everything is alright


Pop a bottle and celebrate
We made it to a new day
Pop a bottle and celebrate
We done made it to a new day
Oooh I take a look and just elevate
Cause today will be a good day
I got my mind right, money right
Ready for more, work hard today for a better tomorrow


I said who's that peeking in my window
Is that sunshine, is that one time
Let that sunshine through my living room
Hospitality is what I'm giving you
Harsh reality is what I've been through
But I'm not alone, ask her and him too
And they sure tell ya even better then the smell of a new day
And I know the ocean runs dry and the sky get dark
Then you don't see what he's trying to show ya
And I know the wall will seem tall but if we help eachother I guarantee we get over
And once I'm over, I'll reach back for my brother and pull him over aswell
Keep our heads high and our noses wide open
Hoping for that new day smell
Love live life


Pop a bottle and celebrate
We made it to a new day
Pop a bottle and celebrate
We done made it to a new day
Oooh I take a look and just elevate
Cause today will be a good day
I got my mind right, money right
Ready for more, working hard today for a better tomorrow


Young Mula Baby


(Feat. Lil' Wayne)


{Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles} (ya) brrr
{Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models} (uh-huh) believe that
{Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles} (ya)
{Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models}
Okay we poppin champagne like we won a championship game
(Feel like I got on a championship ring)
Cuz I ball hard (no bitch we ball harder)
I am the Birdman (and I'm the J.R.)


Okay Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles
Pour it on the models, shut up bitch swallow
If you can't swallow, shut up bitch Gargle
Straight up out the water wit my mark Jacob's goggles
I'm fresher than a muhfucka, yea I'm a muhfucka
No I wouldn't take ya girl but I sho take her tongue from her
Can't chu tell I'm in love woman, like no other woman
(uh)I'm sorry sweetheart, I thought you were my other woman(my bad)


{Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles} (ya)
{Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models} (uh-huh)


{Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles} (ya)
{Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models}
Okay we poppin champagne like we won a championship game
(Feel like I got on a championship ring)
Cuz I ball hard (no bitch we ball harder)
I am the Birdman (and I'm the J.R.)


Now as I recline behind my desk
I aint got a lot of nikes but I got a lot of checks (money)


Got my own shoe brand new on the set
Went from sittin in a cell to sittin on a jet
From shittin in a cell to shittin in a jet
I lost too many friends but I won too many bets (too many bets)
I made too much money I aint made enough yet
So I scratch, and yes Junior is the best (shawty)
So many niggaz from my hood on they back
So many niggaz from ya hood on they back
That's why we so paid and it be like that
I rather pop a bottle, before I pop a gat


{Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles} (ya)
{Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models} (uh-huh)


{Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles} (ya)
{Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models}
Okay we poppin champagne like we won a championship game
(Look like I got on a championship rang)
Cuz I ball hard (no bitch we ball harder)
I am the Birdman (and I'm the J.R.)


Yea, only sippin red champagne
White-tee red hat red bandana
Uptown, chopper fucks the pain
Fuckin wit the Birdman we choppin yo companion
Fuckin wit my son man we run up in ya mansion
Chopper make music, bitch start dancin
Stunt a man back so you know the circumstances
And I'm cookin up the Carter 3 no advances (youngin)
All my cars automatic automatic
No lie, we don't even drive no askin
Uptown we packin and we stackin (believe that)
Young Money Cash Money we the champions


{Start wit straight shots and then pop bottles} (ya)
{Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models}
Okay we poppin champagne like we won a championship game
(Feel like I got on a championship ring)
Cuz I ball hard (no bitch we ball harder)
I am the Birdman (and I'm the J.R.)Ya dig


I'm sorry for the wait, I'm sorry for the wait
Tha Carter gon' be late so I cooked up a tape
The garden's full of snakes so I had to escape
Lil homie gon' be straight, lil' homie gon' be straight


This that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
And I'm sorry for the wait too
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Fuck, this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
I ain't trippin', I got Barbie, I got Drake too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table


Who kept this shit together? Nigga, me, that's who
Who was there when niggas left? Nigga, me, that's who
Cash Money is an army, I'm a one man army
And if them niggas comin' for me, I'm goin' out like Tony
Now I don't want no problems, I just want my money
Ain't gotta hold no conversation or my luggage
Tell whoever's countin' that I'm on a hundred
Birdman Jr., more like Ugly Duckling


Takin' over, now I'm takin' over
Think it's over? Bitch I'm thinkin' forward
I'm sippin' lean out a glass, nigga
All I got is Young Money, no more Cash, nigga


And this that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
No longer am I my brother's keeper, Cain and Abel
Young Money sharp, I'm still eatin', I just chipped my tooth
Tell them niggas no love lost cause I ain't got shit to lose
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
I found a needle in a haystack, put the thread through
I tried to stitch the wound back up but I just bled through


It's compensation over conversation
Lord I must got blurry vision, a nigga's got two faces
Lord, this game is a vampire
But you gotta protect your neck, it'll suck you dry like raisins, lord
But fuck that, nigga
Gun drawn out, fuck that, nigga, I'ma ball out
The day you met me is when Hell froze
On the day I left is when it thawed out
I'm still in the buildin', I just have to knock a couple walls down
Have to kick y'all out
Life is a movie but sometimes a nigga get too tired of watchin' and walk out


Takin' over, now I'm takin' over
Dropped the Sorry 4 The Wait until the wait is over
Sippin' lean out a flask, nigga
And all I do is smoke, fuckin' thrash, nigga


And this the Sorry 4 The Wait 2
Fuck these haters, throw your board up if you skate too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Tunechi, niggas don't appreciate you
You've been down since day 1, it meant nothin' on take 2
Sometimes the truth is hard to swallow and to say too
But I graduated from that bullshit, now I hate school


And now I'm takin' over, now I'm takin' over
Old me dead and gone, that's who I'm prayin' over
Might have to go back to slangin' yola 'til the wait is over
If so then I got bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda


Ok now shawty hair yellow
Shawty eyes brown
Shawto so gold
And so is my crown
Baby color make me bad
Shawty coat red
And so is my flag
Purple in my bag
And shawty hair black
And so is that car that I got in my back
How did I go wrong with my girl in fact
I could take a fall from the world
Since the president black
I went and bought her black pearls
Like yeah
She don't want a she don't want a lil rainbow
She just wana wana fly up the waynebow
And I'm gonna let her
Cause me and her colors create art together, ooh!
She don't wanna do it unless we do it all night
I just never flew with her in my life
Now don't we look nice
Tuxedo all black and I dress so white, yeah!
And my name is Weezy Baby
And I'm
Young moolah baby


Microphone check 12 or just 1-2
I am me who are fuck you
And I'm 1-2 high you should look up to me
My french girls love it when we smoke the oo oui.
En belle au france I do when we smoke the ooey
I do me she feels me cummin like new teeth
I got paper like loose leaf
Come over here and maybe you can get a few sheets
My bodies unique like the sistine chapel
Fresh (fresh) 6 spring apples
I should cut myself to see if my bloods red
Baby I brainstorm call me flood head
Married to the money
And if she leaves me bury me money
And when your not good then your arrogance is funny
And when your really rich then asparagus is yummy


Verse 1:
Where my niggaz at it's play it raw time baby
Load up the guns guerilla war time baby
Light up the blunts light up the block time dawg
Choppers with drums ozzee's and glock time dawg
Whoever he with they better stay cause they to nice
And whoever and hit jump out the window and get it right
Then we run in his house and hit the body and haul them out
Then we empty the clip and let the Lord sort em out
Bust it really, it ain't no stopping me cause I hang up to that ville
And now I'm tieing on my bandanna and I'm cocking back
Jump out the Hummer and say lil shorty wear your stocking cap
Dawg we got automatics, two shooters, six shots, and 50 round drums
Hit your daddy, you suki, you son, your wife and move your momma
Cause I'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
Got a sawd oil tec and I'm bout to knock off your brain
Tell em'


Chorus:
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, nigga Come On Wodie!


Verse 2: (B. G.)
If drama come to me then it come
For that I got two glocks and a k with a drum
That's what I ride with not what I got got ducked off
The mac, sweeper, the six shot, pump that sawd off
I got the tillery when beef kick
I got soldiers ready to march when that beef start
I got niggaz be in that zone on that herion
I got niggaz ready to kill when shit get real
I got niggaz that play all out akirts of the field
So get caught up in that place and your brain get spilled
Oh it's a game but it's a game of life or death
You lose and can't continue if you get dome checked
You get blues it's all what duck gonna be next
Come in that water and get wet
Think you can fuck with me, you thoughts will get upset
I don't shot to hit I shot to kill
Believe me I don't shoot for fun when I shoot it's for real
Come on nigga!


Chorus:
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, nigga Come On Wodie!


Verse 3:
Give me the guns, I'm ready to bust one nigga
My nuts hung nigga, since I was young nigga
I get dumb nigga, with the M-1 nigga
I sip some nigga, and I flip some nigga
A uptown stunter, what the hell you think
Ready for war, but I ain"T no captain of no got damn tank!
And you can take that to vegillity boy
I'm burning up, I'm on fire is you smelling boy
Cause I be coming with the top down
Letting them know how the chop sound
100 rounds tore the whole entire block down
Assault rifle with a drum and beam totter
38 with a speed loader in my holster
Mac ozze achine with a strap around my shoulder
But if I pop my trunk I'm might just set off a damn explosure
I'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
Got a sawd oil tec and I'm bout to knock off your brain
Tell em'


Chorus x2


You ain't gotta hollar wodie, here I come nigga! X2


Babyface // Hook
I'm not saying this to shake you up
I'm just saying this to wake you up
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, it's granted
My love for you, is real
Baby if you don't love me
Somebody else will, so baby girl
Don't you ever get too comfortable


Lil Wayne // Verse 1
Yeah to the left to the left
If you wanna leave be my guest, you can step
Feeling irreplacable listen to beyonce
But ok I'll put you out on your bday
Now if you rocking with weezay
Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe
I got game like E. A.
But I wanna let you play
And don't I treat you like suflai
Don't I look at you like a I see a new day
And don't I do, what I do say
I'm threw talking so imma let you, face


Babyface // Hook
I'm not saying this to (and let yay do yay) shake you up
I'm just saying this to wake you up
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, it's granted
My love for you, is real
If you don't love me
Somebody else will, so baby girl
Don't you ever get too comfortable


Lil Wayne // Verse 2
Yeah let me catch my breath
You talking bout leave baby you aint gone yet
And if you leave, leave correct
And imma send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave, your leaving the best
So you would have to settle for less


I am no elliot ness, I don't handcuff I don't arrest
I do confess to the virginsy
Cause under them sheets I am a mess
Yes, baby you blessed
Not chess don't jump ya ness


Babyface // Hook
I'm not saying this to shake you up
I'm just saying this to wake you up
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, it's granted
My love for you, is real
If you don't love me
Somebody else will, so baby girl
Don't you ever get too comfortable


Lil Wayne // Verse 3
Yeah, it's no sweat no sweat
I will never 1, 2, 3 4-get
About you, your love, your s**
You know I work you out like bowflex
Our jokes. No stress. Love.
Live life. Proceed. Progress.
Make sure the neighbors get no rest
We can get together, never disconnect
Your back, your neck
Funny how that song hasen't got old yet - to us.
So let's project, you stay in
Never in - correkt
Face!


Babyface // Hook
I'm not saying this to shake you up
I'm just saying this to wake you up
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, it's granted
My love for you, is real
If you don't love me
Somebody else will, so baby girl
Don't you ever get too comfortable


Weezy wee off in this hoe
Watch me give your hoe some blow
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow
Now watch her crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee


Weezy wee off in this hoe
Watch me give your hoe some blow
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow
Now watch her crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee


I get nasty with them hoes but I don't piss on them
That's are kelly but weezy he take a shit on them
Watch me throw a mothafuckin brick on em
I'm in the club two steppin with my dick on em
I don't snaort dope
I aint a dopehead
I get this mothafucka runnin with both legs
I go sleep I got a bed
And I make no sense I got a head
I'm still on cash money not them other bitches
I like to eat chicken like them other niggas
And I like watermellon
Grape koolaid I be yellin
Weezys a mess and weezys the F
And I got stupid bitches sayin weezys the best
What's wrong with you? I wouldn't even saying that
Weezy got a clean dick and I don't need ajax
Yeah I don't need to clean my pipes
Like bitch what the fuck you lookin at? I don't like that shit
I only love birdman
Talkin that shit like a turd man
And this is the worst I will ever rap
Cause I always sleep I never take a nap
What? Why did the fuck I say that
I dunno but it's weezy and you listening to me speakin
And um, while you're listening to me speakin
Imma say whatever comes to my head
I like chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken, macoroni, potato salad, chicken
I am out bitches


Weezy wee off in this hoe
Watch me give your hoe some blow
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow
Now watch her crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee


Weezy wee off in this hoe
Watch me give your hoe some blow
Watch her put her nose in my shit then she blow
Now watch her crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee
Crank that weezy wee


Bitch
Yeah that shit's what I'm talkin bout
I don't give a damn what ya'll talkin bout but
If yo ho come to me imma pull her to the side and give her some of this blow
Imma put it in her nose and imma be like
Youuu


I remember then
Back in december, it wuz winter
Like '89
Shit I must of been 7 goin on 8
And comin from da kitchen wuz a echo from all da base
And I aint talkin bout speakas umm mmm
I saw my daddy in there I would stare
But I wouldnt touch
But it wasnt because I didn't know enough
Shit.. I jus knew too much
So I stop bein lazy, and I became creative
And I learned how to create it
And all dat pots for me!!!
So come see... Or come eat


And I hope dat she is having da ride of her life
No red lights inside, jus a bare room wit green lights ummm mmm
Come on now
Who did you, where did you, why did you what did you think she was
Haahaaa that's ur hoe my guns of water help your garden grow... No


Yeah I know dat wuz crazy
But I think you are more crazy.. Yer
Than her
Cuz she is no daisy
Shit she jus pottery
Wit no seeds
So she can't eat


My heroes had da broads and da cars wit big ol' rims
And I could remember slangin, thinkin
I wanna be like them
Ever since I was little, ever since I was little
I lived life numb


It made so much since for me to run
When da 5-0 come
Cuz I aint dumb umm mmm


And dat shit I hated
Like early 90s late 80s
I wuz husltin as a baby
You can ask eagle street, about me
Ima g


Ever since I wuz little eva since I wuz little I tote my gun
Cuz it made no sense where I wuz from hmmm
To walk around wit none
Shit, nicca you would be crazy
Cuz niccas is crazy
And I'm a 80s baby
You should be proud of me
Cuz in dem streets
I'm hot like da 80s
And my temperatures raisin
I'm at 100 I'm blazin
Sumbody shower me
Please pret-ty please


You can call me wizzle or you can call me wayne
Man eitha one but its weezy baby for your s***
I told her weezy baby, I told her more than once
But she just say baby, she jus calls me baby
She jus screams out baby, when she's on top of me
And da sheets be stickin like pages
And da bed is so stanky
If she say dat is my baby, shit it is prossibly not for me
M.-O.-E.


Uh huh
Mario
And Young Weezy baby (Oh)
So you know that only means one thing
This the remix baby


So I met this shawty the other day
I got her numba called her up
Like what you doin' she say nothin
I say what's good
She say not much
I say guess what
She say what's up
I say I think we should hook up
She say uh
I say what
She say but
I say but why you stuck
She say fuck
I say who
She say not you
I said then who
She say you know
I know what
You know who
I said I do
She said you do
I said I do but I really don't
Because it's you that I really want
And we can do what you really want
Girl we grown and if he ain't gon treat you right
Then I ain't gon treat you wrong
That's my word
And she done heard so many lies
She don't what's true or not
Shawty like a valley servers
I swear she been through a lot
But I put her car in park
And never let her cry alone
I listen to her heart beat
Because it plays my favorite song


(Chrous)
I can hear your heart crying out for me (crying out for me)
I can hear your heart crying out for me
(And it keeps on saying) Come on in, come on in come on in and save me
(And it keeps on saying) Come on in, come on in come on in and save me
(I can baby) I can hear your heart crying out for me


Baby, I should've never caught no feelings
But baby having late night conversion on your sofa
You telling me how he played you out over and over, over and over
But I'm stuck in the middle of seeing you hurt
I know when you love him
And you wanna make it work
And I can't help but think that I knew you first
It's getting louder
Girl I can't ignore it no more baby




I don't wanna confuse things (no)
But I just can't keep lying to myself
When you're holding me (when you're holding me)
I can feel your pain oh baby let me be your dream
I'm the answer come see me (see me)
And you don't have to cry no more (you don't have to cry)


Girl I can hear your heart baby
I can hear your heart
Girl it's crying
Won't you listen to your heart, baby




Girl I can hear, hear it cry for me, for me, for me, me, me, me(whoo)


Ladies wave your hands in the air
Ladies wave your hands in the air


Oh oh baby
It's crying for me
It's crying for me for me


I ain't nervous, I swear to God I ain't nervous
And I'm laughing at them pussy niggas and that pussy shit they doin'
I'm getting cake like I'm Jewish, my nigga Drake he Jewish
I swear to god I ain't nervous, okay I swear to god I ain't nervous
I swear to god I ain't nervous, I say, I swear to god I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin and slurping my sepernt
Ain't got no problems in this bitch-for certain
I see you turnin up but your turn up ain't workin
Just want some mouth and lip service
And I got all my niggas in that truck like an Excursion


Ok I'm straight action-no ricochet
That pussy boneless, that's Chick-fil-a
I fuck with real riders and they tickets paid
For them dead presidents we will start digging graves
I swear my momma trust my work, so I give these hoes that work
They say the best things in life are free, that's why it cost for you to get get murked
And my pants saggin like fuck it I'm still on my business
Spent my birthday in jail, I was making bad decisions
Saw my enemy at the light, shot him up before it turned green
Mane my niggas got them birds
You ain't even got bird seeds
Your bitch ride me like a go kart
I play that pussy like Mozart
I Mozart these hoes hearts then after that they wordless


Man, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I said I swear to God I ain't nervous
I don't know, I swear to God I ain't nervous
And that pussy don't get purchased, ho
Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain
I see you turnin up but your turn up ain't working
I like em long haired and curvy
And if niggas think it's a game, I'll leave their brains on their jerseys


She say she love me, that's the molly talking
Her pussy so wet it keep sliding off it
She got a nigga but he ain't me bitch
I'm the original gangster, he the remix
Girl, do you use that same mouth to kiss yo momma?
I say, only God can judge me, fuck your honor
And her birthday suit is her pajamas
She say, I didn't know your dick was a recliner
I'll punch your man in his eye, give him a shiner
I'll blind him, him and whoever cosign him
I get Adam like Yolonda
Young Money Cash Money's Obama
It's fuck the world, no condom
If he twisted, I'll unwind him
And this pistol came with a silence


But I swear to God he heard it! 
Yea, and I swear to God I ain't nervous
Na, I swear to God I ain't nervous
Bitch I'm the God, I should be rapping in a turban
Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain
I see you turning up but your turn up ain't working
Baby, I just want some mouth and lip service
She gone ride this dick like the Kentucky-Derby


On that Pat-ron, I'm swerving
Game tight like virgins
I gotta bad bitch, she Persian
Call her AK when she's squirting
You see the niggas I'm with, that boy Boo the shit
As long as I got a face, yo bitch got a place to sit
Yea, I'm wilding off them shroomies
Ain't got no worries like Tunechi
All my chicks be boogey, wanna hold hands then watch movies
I be goddamned, make a nigga lose it
Ain't no talking- lets get to it
Real niggas winning, fake niggas losing
Bitch I'll leave that pussy with bruises


Girl, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I swear to god I ain't nervous
No, you know I swear to god I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin and slurping
My serpent
Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain
You fuck with Tunechi, you'll end up a Missing Person
She got Lil Tunechi on her booty, in cursive
I'm getting head behind the Maybach curtains
Ya


Damn, Damn girl you know you got it going on,
You can see by the way that she walking
You so fine that your body need a body guard,
Well I can be your hubby,
Ohh your only tenderhonnie
Let me beam you up like Scottie,
I got Whitney so just enough for everybody in this party, girl
Da Da da da da
Da da da da da
(Repeated)


I know you want me,
Yeh, give me that monkey,
Yeh, that funky monkey,
Yeh (that funky monkey)
Bass


Da Da da da da
Da da da da da
(Repeated)


Yep, I'm in like flea, Benjamin Frankalin my twin
Yah, If she can't swim, I gotcha girl sinkin in my Benz.
Backstroke, backstroke, Like Michael Phelps with my backstroke.
Break her off till her back broke, I leave her numb like crack folk.
Then I get to the money, Monday through Sunday. Anxiously like Honey Dew honey.
Menage A watch Honey do Honey and den they do me and I'm glad they done it.
Yah. I'm wit D-are-E the n-gga that make beats wit that n-gga C-O-O-L. Cool.
We so mother f-ckin' cool-er than you.


Runnin' from the scene, Hammer in my jeans
Dead bodies behind me, the cops'll never find me
Arm & Hammer Clean on my way to the honeycombe
Hustle all night tell my bitch I'm never coming home
Be there in the morning, stop cryin' bitch
The sun is home, drop it on the living room table
Bitch the money home, I know you ain't gon' stay once the money gone
So while I'm rich I pull my dick and get my fuckin' on
Youngin' on some real "Gangsta Gangsta" shit
Blame it on the neighborhood I was sanctioned in
But I'ma make sure we get them acres
Tell 'em fuck computers, we good with paper
Tell 'em fuck the world 'cause I'm hood by nature
Feelin' that way is how the hood'll make ya
The hood is vacant, the streets are empty, yeah
Mr. Bush, rebuild the city, but


Yeah, over like yesterday floatin' to the floodgates
This is New Orleans, welcome to the blood state
A blood bath, and you ain't nothin' but tub bait
No political justice not even the judge safe
If his ass can't swim he get a closed case
We need our own space, I ain't talkin' about Jupiter
No luck, no help and we the fuckin' future
I'm a hoosier, usually the cool one
But when I need it, I turn into a looter
God forgive, but do he forgive the brutal
Even when it's for the better of your junior
Soon you see that life's just another movie
And the main character dies at the end, usually
There's nothin' that haven't been done that you can do to me
I been hit, I been shot nigga shoot at me!


Yeah, Money on the mind, murder in the plans
Disturbin' if you may, but it's dinner for the fam
Hustler by law, support when I can
Hustle when I can, tell me nothing I'm a man
Smell my shit as I walk off the stand
Nuts to my feet with my heart in my hand
Pardon my G, but I'm one of a kind
Been shot two times, here to put it in a rhyme
Slow lane, move the Coupe like a 5
If I get pulled over, bitch I'm gon' do time
And I know my niggaz love me, but they can't do mine
So I gotta be smart, get bread or get behind
Get lost or get in line
But the carpet's still fine
So keep tryin', the whole world turnin' back
But we keep tryin' until we get our piece, no piece
Keep Firin'


Bah


Money ain't shit, bitches ain't neither
You know I'm on that grass, don't cut on the sprinklers
Pussy on my mind, on my breath and on my fingers
Niggas try to bite my style, but my style a jalepeno
I got skinny ass jeans, trucks on the pocket
Money talks, nigga, I'm caught up in that gossip
You know all my bitches badder, and all my swishas fatter
I milk this shit like cattle, that's my word like Scrabble
And yo main girl is a ho, I go Wayne's World in her throat
She swallow so many nuts, you fuck around, find a squirrel in her throat
I go tape worm in that ho, let my snake squirm in that ho
Nigga we take turns in that ho, these niggas so green they glow
I am the best thing since wet pussy, on my private jet with my chef cookin'
So big headed my neck crooked, my niggas foul when the ref's lookin'
My big bro is Mack Maine, so much weed I got grass stains
Deez nuts, that's baggage claim, I'm on them trees like Candy Canes
Lil Tunechi


I might book me for a show
Charge my ass the low and pick up the whole dough
That's hustlenomics, I was high in my class pictures
I like math, all I did was add bitches
Swagga galore, got your girl on all fours
It's not doggystyle, I call it froggystyle
You dog her out, I tell her, hop in
2 Chainz, my first chain had a twin
Gas in my blunt, watching espn
And, if that pussy good I wanna see her again
Yeah, I'm from College Park and I got ya broad with me
Salt water pool, I can put a shark in it
Everything authentic, plus I named my pistols
Last name fuck, first name I Don't Give A
Pockets look pregnant, they 'bout to deliver
So when I start pimpin', you know the procedure


All my niggas gangstas, all my bitches freaks
I tickle her pussy, got that pussy tickle pink
I'm the heart of the streets, and I just skipped a beat
And if that pussy sweet, I want that candy, trick or treat
I got diamonds in my teeth, so all my words are precious
I'm so fuckin' hot I sssssss... I'ma need some more S's
Man I'm on some other shit, I want another bitch
That want another bitch, and I don't cuddle bitch
I hit her with that shovel dick, I got in that pussy and dug a ditch
Some people gotta punch the clock, man I rather punch a brick
Cuz I'm that nigga, and I'm so cold I just shivered
These niggas think they hard, these niggas just nipples
I pop a nigga like a scicle, drop a nigga like a missle
Mo' money mo' issues, I size you up then fix you
Tunechi


Out of sight, out of mind, 
Out of time, to decided.
Do we run?
Should I hide?
For the rest, of my life.
X2
Verse 1:
Dear Anne
My number 1 fan
I write with the light from the lamp on my nightstand
With my pen in my right hand
And that's also my mic hand
Codeine in the sprite can
Ink on the white pad
And I'm thinking of life, Anne
And wrong and right, Anne
And sometimes I'm right
And sometimes I might
Ca-can I find the light?
Still my rhymes are bright
So I continue my plan
And I'm sure (shore) like white sand
That they'll be price payin'
Before my flight land
But still, I want to see more than my sight can
Adore, so I can't ignore
What I want anymore
So I just go, you can call me the Gore
And oh yeah
I got a girl, she act like I owe her
And um, sometimes it seems like I just don't know her
And yeh, the relationship is starting to feel like a chore
But I really hope I'm not starting to bore
Page 1.
Out of sight, out of mind, 
Out of time, to decided.
Do we run?
Should I hide?
For the rest, of my life.
X2
Dear Anne
My number 1 fan
I write you this letter
I hope everything's grand
I hope everyone's good
I hope everybody's praying


I hope  hold up baby, let me switch hands
See, lately I've been dealing with a lot of shit and
It's burning me and I can't get out of this pan
And every time I look there's a problem with this man
But I ain't tryna expose, I'm just tryna expand
But your support held me up like kickstands
And I'm also being more careful in how I pick friends
And I'm tryna stay up out them chick's pants
(Laughs) but, I just can't
But, on another note, this ain't just another note
This is more than a rap
This is more of an oath
And I know you're wondering what this letter is for
And I'm just hoping that you read this far
Page 2
Out of sight, out of mind, 
Out of time, to decided.
Do we run?
Should I hide?
For the rest, of my life.
X2
Dear Anne
My number 1 fan
By now you probably think I'm portraying who I'm sayin
And sometimes I wish I wasn't him, but I am
And it's people like you that make me part of what I am
But hey, you are the shit
Damn, pardon the gram (grammar)
But it's like you make me feel like I'm a part of the fam
And shit, when my life be like some sort of exam
It's a jungle out there- lions, horses and rams
Shit, as I sit and wait for the war to began
I just think of you, then I'm rewarded again
And, with you, is where my artistry can
And, so with you is where a part of me stands
And, I hope I see you in the stands
Anne, because you know I understand
And, and I'm sorry about Stan
So I wrote this to say I'm your number 1 fan.
Out of sight, out of mind, 
Out of time, to decided.
Do we run?
Should I hide?
For the rest, of my life.
X2


(feat. Currency)


Ya, C3 Baby
Young Weezy and Young Currency, You understand me?
This how we doing


Di-Diamonds and Girls (Uh-Oh)
Di-Diamonds and Girls (Uh-Oh)
Di-Diamonds and Girls (Uh-Oh)
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and


Get em
Ugh
Like 5, 6 chains on him
Slick Rick, no patch just frames on him
Marc Jacobs Aviators and a V-Neck
10 bitches, 10 pistols on the P jet
And a drop top Madena with the top up
I'm in that bitch getting net like a shotput
100, 000 for the grill, if I lie I die
Flow sick so sick see the cianide
And heres my most funniest joke, I'm broke (haha)
Don't worry 'bout me, the money got me
And I keep the burner on me like an I. D.
The Lamborghini orange like vitamin C
And leave a bitch stuck like a kite in a tree
Weezy F. B., the money is the matter
I'm working like a bad bladder, M. O. B.


Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and


Yeah
Hailing from the bottom of the map
But standing at the top of the game
Kush got a nigga looking like I could really use a nap
But I'm still out wildin' with the gang
Got diamonds in my chain
More colors than the Northern Lights
Life is a traffic jam but I'm on a motor bike
Zig-zagging past these bastards, laughing at them
I got them suicidal like the doors on the Phantom
Yeah, hot spitter nigga, who you thought it was
Bitches want to hold me in the morning like a coffee mug
I don't try to lock them down cause I'm not an officer
I just knock them down in groups of ten
As if I'm in the lane aiming for bowling pins
Then the style switch so quick
Have you thinking that the disc skipped
Pimping serious
Make them bring it back like pass interferance


Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and


Speed boat, white Beater
Balling like Derek Jeter for every reason
That Testaroaster can get ghost like it never seen ya
The same color as Sesame-a, Diarheam, The pioneer-a
I am here-a, right here-a
The watch nasty like gonnorhea
Money long like Nia
I appear-a via sattelite
Whomever don't like the premier-a, he a hermaphrodite
Vegetaters up in my ear-a, get it clear
Pretty women want this nigga right here-a like Richard Gear
I switch the gear-a
And stear and disappear
And if I ever jump off a pier I would probably fly


Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Girls
Di-Diamonds and Diamonds
Di-Diamonds and Girls and girls and girls
Di-Diamonds and


Woo... Its Feel Good... Arite Yea... Carter 3... All Day... Lets Play


Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before


Ok Put Ya Hands Up If you Did It Before
And Now Ur Girl Lookin At Ya Cause She didn't Had Know
And Now Everybody Sayin Dat you Did It Before
And you Know Dats Because Dey Probably didn't Before
Cause If Dey Did It Before
It'll Be Different Though
I Wonder If Tammy Knows Dat I Did It Before
Wit Lisa I Wonder If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
I Know Dey Did It Before
Da Day We Did It But Oh
If Dey didn't Before
Den We didn't Before
We Can Can Get It for Sho
Cause If She Wt It I Know
She Should Be Wit for Sho
Imma Tear Dat pussy Up Like I didn't Before
And After I Did It Dey Wer History Though
Wen I See Em I Act Like I didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Like We didn't Before
But We Did It Before


Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before


Yea... So If You Did It Before
Be A Pro you Got To Act Like you Did It Before
And Every Time I Meet A Girl Dat Say She didn't Before
You Know I Got To Act Like I Never Did It Before
But She Will Be Dumb If She didn't Had Know
Dat I Did It Before
Cause I Did It Before
And She Will Be Dumb To Think I didn't Had Know
Dat She Did It Before
She Probably Did It Galow
So We Did It Some More
And We Did It Some More
Like Busta Rhyme Said She Holla Give Me Some More
So We Did It Some More
Yea We Did It Till Four
And Wen 4: 01 Came She Was Hitten Da Door
Not Fixen To Go
Butshe Was Hitten Da Door
And I Was Probably But Naked Just Twisten Da O
Den I Call My Homies Up And Kick Da shit How It Go
And I Know Dey Gon Lay Off Cause Dey Did It Before


Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before


Ok Allot Folks don't Like To Say Dey Did It Before
Wishen Dat Everybody didn't Had Know
Dat Dey Did It Before
Like If Dey Did It Below
Or If Dey Did Wit More
Da One I Did It For Dough
Well If you didn't Den So
Be Cool Wit It And Flow
And Just Rock Wit Everybody Dat Don Did It Before
I Know I Did It Before
You Know You Did It Before
How Come you Aint Wit Know But you Was Wit It Before
Oh.. Dats Your Best Friend Yea Yall Kick It I Know
Yall Probably Did It Before
She Probably Licked It Before
Like It Was Liquid Before
Yea I Can Vision you Both
Like I Don Did It Before
Cause I Don Did It Before


Ok I Know 2 Girls Dat Don Did It Before
But I Wonder If Dey Know Dat We Did It Before
If The Other Girl Know Dat We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Or If She didn't Had Know
Dat We Did It Before
Yea We Did It Before
Shit I Wonder If She Know Dat We Did It Before


I'm A Flirt
I'm A Pro
I'm A Freak
Got A Different Girl Everyday Of The Week


Weezy Verse:
I'm a blood ima roll I'm a g
In a different world outerspace with a freak
But that don't mean neptune on the beat
Cuz it's new jersey devil from blackwall street
Weezy f baby from young money baby
Like the easter bunny baby wanted my candy
So I gave her my lollipop then she made her body pop
Then that made me kinda hot
I'm lying that made me sauna hot
But please stop sweating me
Women scream"get in me"
And what do I do I get in it
I put on my boot and I step in it
Right left in em mr eterceden head all the time
It may sound crazy but I got head on my mind
Lay it on the line or just lay it on carter!
And yea I hear you screaming but my name aint harder!
Girl I'm nasty I do my thing and they coming for me like lassie


I'm A Flirt
I'm A Pro
I'm A Freak
Got A Different Girl Everyday Of The Week


Oh Yea
Cut the music up in the fones Drew
My hair is blockin' me
My shit growin' like my money.... Hah


Let's Go


Yeazzzzirrr




Uh... I'm so Dipset- Dipsouth Baby,
If you don't like it nigga, fuck You wit a aids dick,
I hope you die 30 times, nigga murder moms,
No fast talk, I'm on that syrup, I'm on that turpentine
If Killa say the nigga Dead, then a nigga Dead
If Stunna say the nigga Dead, then a nigga Dead
Vip-We be then niggas bangin in the red,
Don't drink krystile nomore, just pour it on white bitches head,
This aint no Tommy Hilfiger, This that Polo Hoe,
We are the biggest group alive to get that solo doe,
And we gon' get that dough untill they say there's nomore doe,
I smoke that ounce,
I got that bounce,
I got that pogo flow,
Just show a video wit are. Kelly but No Homo though,
Really didn't wanna do it but I fuck wit T, S, and Fat Joe Joe though,
I am a robot and this robot is on overload,
And bitch I always will be hot like I'm in overcoats,




Um.. Dolla after Dolla,
Holla at ya Guala,
I'm rollin like the stones,
I need a water bottle,
And if you need a pill,
T. Streetz and Carter got em,
Supply the whole party,
We got the party poppin,
We in New Orleans poppin,
We way in Harlem poppin,
In California poppin,
?? Rockin skinny whore wit all them problems,
Bitch you can eat these pills and chill and tell me all about em,
Hold up my heart is knockin,
Don't worry water stops it,
Hold up your mouth is dry,
Don't worry water mops it,
I got a great idea,
We should have s**,
Bitch I'm like Dante Hall,
I just throw up the X,
My dick be still hard,
I be so up for next,
That's when you slip up and fuck around, and fuck ya ex,
That be that bullshit,
But it's the fuckin best!,
I get her to pop a pill,
And come and fuck the set!,
And I Fuckin Rap!




Dipsouth... Yadigggg


Weezy dip dip, wayne set set
And I grip techs leave em waterbed wet
And I know just where to put these hollow tips
His chest his chest his chest (gasp)


A yo I take on a gang of gangs
Anything animals arrangatangs
Gorillas turn to bape and apes when I make it rain
I got a whole collection
I got a dope connection
I got a coke connection
I got a doe infection
No homo my flow is hard as an erection
So that's why it's fuck the world wit protection [laughs]
Pay attention to the lecture my words carry life like a stretcher (yeah)


You know young wayne in here
Smellin teen spirit like kurt cobain is here (yeah yeah)
We got them thangs in here and we will bang in here (yeah yeah yeah yeah)
And the bank is here linclon's here, grant is here, jackson's here, franklin's here them dead muthafuckas
And the drank is here, dank is here here, stank in here, gangstas here wankstas fear that red muthafucka


And my city hot ride wit da itchy c***
Coop wit the titties pop
Murda for da city cop
And I got the hatas like when will he stop maybe a minute after never set ya clock


I'm a nut case uptown's my birthplace
They feel me comin like the weekend on thursday
We got vegas chips nigga bet bet
I hope you boys ready because I'm jet set
And when I come up in the building you already know bitch wet bitch wet bitch wet (fuck naw)


Yes umm gloves, drowes, socks, tees, all made by Ralph Lauren
No shades just my eyeballs watchin' em
Tattoos on top of them
Igloos for watches and champaign for breakfast
And sports cars for lunch and pussy for dinner
I eat rappers and call it pussy for dinner (yeah)


Ask the paprazzi, I'm in a mazardi
Ridin shoty bad bitch, clyde and bonnie
I call her kami that's short for kamikaze
She call me daddy and never short wit daddy money
It's weezy babay shine like a brass monkey
I'm neva broke neva have a cast on me
Always paid always got cash on me
I gotta feed the pockets on my pants hungry


I'm a phantom haula, a shoota not a brawla
And your girlfriend's a determined carter caller
Control a bitch and let a nigga hold a bitch or
I put her on a corner shit and let her make a prono flick
She would play the role again whenver she roll again
Pop a pill and roll again now we on the road again (yeah yeah)


I work her work her tell her be my slave
Bitch I'm paid out my cage
I just can't feel my face
Wit santana we wild ridahs like al qeada
Supreme dada young mula bird jr. (yeah)
Ha


I don't know bout you
But umm...


My girlfriend, got a girlfriend
My girlfriend, got a girl and we do [X8]
What we do [X8]
What we do


You know me, young F hoe
I gets all in her mouth like strep throat
I gets all in her belly like pepto
Straight stompin' in dat pussy like a stepshow
Ghetto bitches keep me wit em like lip glow
College bitches keep me wit em like cliffnotes
Cold bitches keep me wit em like thick coats
Two foreign bitches, now that's a mink show
Pull your skirt up, and let ya hips show
She fell in love with a stripper at the strip show
And now.. Theres
Two bitches and me [X3]




I like long hair, I hate make up
Fuck my pillows up, fuck is really up
I like slim chicks, I love big broads
All the bitches love me, I need a dick guard
And if she don't give head, shes a nimrod
Bitch I would never put your number on my sim card
I look at M J G and 8 ball as mentors
And shit... All they ever told me was pimp hard
Pimp harder, I get head and tail like a quarter
Yup, yup, in dat order
Two bitches and me [X2]




Two bitches and me [X4]
And..
They kissin and huggin [X4]


Hello
I could play wit it, I could beat it up
Yup, beat it up, get ya pussy lip bust
Wait
She said she wanna know how pussy taste
She wanna suck dick while she get her pussy ate
Ha
Movies, massage, menage, bedroom, bathroom, garage, goodbye
Just leave me be, and it was just us three, two bitches and me






Uh, Fiji water granddaddy purp,
Excuse me I let the semi-automatic burp,
Blood game muthaf-cka call me red alert,
Young Carter kill in order, who get it first
Stuff that girl wit d-ck till her head burst
Young Weezle flow needles I can thread shirts
Boy you ain't did sh-t I had done said worst
Flip your fitted cap back like Fred Durst
Uh, Fiji water og kush, yeah, I drink verses and eat hooks
Got the stove on my waist, and we cooks
I'm in the way you can't pass like Aaron Brooks
Uh, President ride the car slow, I let my driver drive,
I'm on par 4
Spit hangin from my mouth retard flow
And I say what I want like an award show
I'm on some shit ain't even come out the ass yet
Sit back and watch the green grow like the grass wet
Young or old their ain't no comparing me
I just cleared that up
Moment of clarity, Uhh




Uh, I'm about to go almonds,
Young head bussa, get your helmets
You n-ggas real soft what is that velvet
I get big chips, you get Alvins
Uh, I'ma bout to go walnuts,
We get seven digit money you can call us
Hit 'em wit the choppa, watch 'em ball up
Paint your face red, your all dolled up
Yeah, Young Nino n-gga,
I do it for my team Tim Tebow n-gga
I'm killing this sh-t grim reap flow n-gga
Gettin swallowed by the Maybach deep throat n-gga
Uh, I'ma bout to go planters,
I'm still in my prime, Dion Sanders
We all gamblers, I will not lose
Flow precious as diamonds, I drop jewels
Uh, Gimme mine or Ima take mine
Smokin purple, I heard till the grape vine
Weezy Baby aka your highness, I just killed this shit
Moment of Silence, Uh




Uh, I'm in the zone like a fastball,
And I f-ck the game like a bad call,
Let the money stack, don't let the cash fall
Bars all day, no last call,
Uh, I'm in the redzone n-gga,
Wake up in the mornin with your head gone n-gga
Birdman Jr. Wings spread on n-ggas,
Leave the beef in the streets and bring the bread home n-gga
Yeah, tell the doctor step aside please,
Dr. Carter gasoline in your iv's
Strong dry weed, make my eyes bleed,
Strong arm rap, I rock an iron sleeve
Uh, I'm in the zone like the secondary,
No lie b-tch I'm flyer than a pet canary
I'ma dog on the beat f-ck the veterinary,
Two women praise me like mary mary
Uh, I'm in the zone like college ball,
Spit fire like I'm sippin on a molotov
Lose bowels, this sh-t so easy
(Jay-Z: I might send this to the mixtape Weezy)
Uhh,
Hahahee,
No Ceilings
Hehe.


Look here
S B donks five seven five jeans, five thousand dollars on my fuckin wallet chain, I be wildin man, imma island man, there aint much else by me man
I tell em float on and go on to the ozone, I'm so gone, my blunt like a polan, got prolong, and hold on to it like a trambone, I'm so blown, and um I got that c*** back I don't need that thumb bone, so come on, you get the one with the drum on, it, its that one that goes dit, da da la dit dit dit dit, I'm so terrific when I spit, put my foot up in your ass, now I'm kickin in your shit, now pitchin at your bitch, and she catch it with her lip, naw she catch it wit her mouth, and since I'm the president, she tried to catch it on her blouse, I tell her whoa, easy baby, I'm king cake, so she eat the baby, what shit gets way more crazier, we flipped the bitch like she was in the gymnasierm, I aint fuckin with them bitches with that stadium, that's no dome, bitch go home... Bitch bitch bitch, bitch go home


Bitch I spent a hundred winters on my snow cone
Lil nigga walking like he get his bowl on
Bossy, pimp stro pimp stro, and I gotta let my money go when the wind blow, bet it come right back like a rental, and bet them bitches understand me like 10-4, niggas is simple, like instrumentals, I bet you bitches understand me like info, get your top chopped, and get trimmed low
Somethin like my Benz tho
Ride with my friends hoes, I mean my hoes friends, fucking all my hoes friends, takin all my hoes ends, it'll make that blow spin
I tell these young niggas pimp or die, don't get that Benz, if they don't split them I's, dig them thighs, in them tires
And if you reach at I, I don't preach I speech and give you beef wit them fries
Come to the beach and find, I live where all the little sea eagles fly
See, baby I'm so high, all I need you to do is just shut up and cry, bitch bitch shut up and cry


Look, and me and mack was just to niggas from the same hood, fell from the same tree, cut from the same wool
I'm just the lion and he the young bull, not seemy the bull, that pistol on my hip than I got a hammy to pull, I had a lammy in school, I think it was diablo red, I'm T. I. Red, I'm T. I. Red, you D. I. Ed, because of what you said
Chea, and I'm as sharp as an image, and I keep it bumpin like a mother fuckin blemish
Two twins drink me up like guiness, when I'm finished I say brilliant, when I'm finished they say Weezy you killed, I hope on your shit and they say Weezy you healed it
So fly got wings tattooed on me, the gun glued on me, but I pop you in your stomach, now I got ya yesterdays food on me, now that was real rude homie
And I smell like a weed plant, young money mother fucker where cheese at


Yeah... Yeah
Check me out man.. Yeah


Original gangsta, black clothes and bangers
Bullet shells and chambers, fill the L's up
We stay low from the ranges cause they tryin to tame us, but we brainless
And just think, I'm one sell out record away from being famous
shit I guess I ain't it
You could paint it how you may, but I remain this gangsta 'til the day I lay
Where the worms stay
I spit it for my nigga's sake
I spit it for myself a long time ago
Got a few houses, few whips, few condos
I'm so straight I'm pointin
The game is hurtin, and baby boy the ointment
Baby boy the president now
shit you gotta make an appointment
Two record labels
You should come join 'em
Do check the label
And make sure it's yellow or rose 'fore you bring it to my table


Gansta's don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it
I'm still a G, thuggin out in public, believe it
Gansta's don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it
I'm still a G, thuggin out in public, straight up


Yeah...
Nigga playin, doing about 180
Mazeratti, matchin drop top sun shade
Gotta be fly, P1 nigga, spent about five on a condo high in the sky
G4 whenever, fly in any weather
Had to pop a few pussies that was bad feathers
Million on the floor
That's fo' sho' that lil' homie got the flow, so we all just goin flow
And don't think about the past
A little water came, now we floatin on everything
niggaz doing about anything, killin while they hustlin
niggaz puttin it in for the change
So we headed to the game, Culpepper gettin his roll on
I'm on the side with that bling
And outside, got them thangs
Them Phantoms out there, we do it up, switchin lanes




Naw, don't fuck with that dogg
Yo, I'm gonna knock your fuckin head off
And I'm coming back hard
Stunner get me to work, and I'm runnin that off
I'm comin back with it, and let my team split it
With a swagger you can't get, naw you can't get it
shit, bitch I pop like Diddy, I pop like when he goin stop? When it's empty
And you still drawing Leonardo D'Vinci


Trap me, I'm in there early, gettin money ridin dirty
Uptown puttin in down blowin out the pound
Duffle bag full of cash when I come around
The lil' homie got the game so I put him down
Hold my town, world wide wearin a crown
Like father like son, got it off the mound
Like father like son, nigga's stand their grounds
Like father like son, nigga fuck them clowns




Yeah nigga,
Un-fuckin-believable
I know y'all hear some more shit about me and my little young nigga
You know, they mouth like they ass
Anything will come outta that motherfucker ya' heard me
Big shouts to all them cities who opened your arms to us nigga
And let us through that motherfucker, ya' heard me
Cause that water ran us out that motherfucker, but we did bounce back
Believe that 305, 404, 713, all that, Dallas, Kansas
Everybody ya' heard me, Oklahoma, yeah, everybody, the whole world


(feat. Nikki Minaj)


Goodmorning New York,
Good afternoon New Orleans,
Goodnight America,
This is Young Money... Nikki Minage


They don't make us to break us no I'm with tha bakers,
I'm gettin bread wit Dread up in Jamaica,
Its them young stunnas,
Nikk and Lil Weezy,
Nikk-I'm the chick that go get it like Jeezy,
Fallback cause I do this here,
Step ya bars up or ur through this year,
Yup, it's onli right that the whole blocks there,
Hopped out the air in the blue and white layer,
I'm here, I'm lit, Long hair-don't care,
Steady starin at my ear, cause my ear on glare,
Now it's now hard to find me,
Top behind me,
You be Harry Potter, and I'll be Hermione,
Il be early,
I'm girl the girl they,
Call the 1 like I'm my first birthday,
I'm in that range rov,
Honkin that Kango,
That pussy red cause it tastes like Mango,




Ya.. Dig
So I guess it's my turn, and imma go at niggas heads like sideburns,
Big Phantom on the road, make a wide turn,
Big light, green buds, is what I burn,
Nikki since I've been rappin, this is what I've learned,
All these other niggas pussy like dry sperm,
And I knock this shit out like Tom Hearns,
If it aint abou money, Me no concern,
A paper chaser till my thigh burn,
And never give a bitch, what I've earned,
Fuck I look like?,
I'm lookin for a bitch that can fuck right, cook right,
And if not, then left foot right,
Foot get tha steppin, Yeah bitch walk like..
And my hoes talk like "HssHswAsh"
And I just say "Right",
We don't fuss fight,
She is just.. Just.... Just right,




Ya Diggggggggg!?


I'm on tour till my moneys like the bus height,
Ice lookin bright, see me comin like bus lights,
Weezy...


Nikki... Minage...
Young Money...


Baby understand me now
If sometimes you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel
When everything goes wrong, you see some bad
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
O lord please don't let me be misunderstood


Misunderstood ain't gotta be explained
But you don't understand me so let me explain
Stood in the heat, the flames, the snow
Please slow down hurricane
The wind blow, my dreads swang
He had hair like wool, like wayne
Dropping ashes in the bible
I shake em out and they fall on the rifle
Scary, hail mary no tale fairy
All real very, extraordinary
Perry mason facing, the barrel if he tattle
My God is my judge, no gown no gavel
I'm a rebel, down to battle
Now or never, I would never?
Fucking fantastic, fuck if you agree
But I don't give a fuck if you see me


I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
O lord please don't let me be misunderstood


What's understood ain't gotta be explained
So for those who understand meet Dwayne
For 8 and a half months I gave ms. cit da pain
Now it's young money baby, keep the change
My mama say fuck em and we the same
So hello mothafucka you got some sheets to change
And ain't it funny how people change like easter sunday
You know church fit then outfit,
Bright pink and green chest look house lit
Bright pinky rings but that ain't about this
What you bout bitch
Excuse my french emotion in my passion
But I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion
What are you asking, if I don't have the answer
It's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula
But I know you don't understand, cause you thought lil wayne is weezy
But weezy is dwayne


I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
O lord please don't let me be misunderstood


I was watchin T.V. the other day right
Got this white guy on there talkin bout black guys
Talkin about how young black guys are targeted
Targeted by who?
America
You see, one in every 100 Americans are locked up
1 in every, 9 black Americans are locked up
And see what the white guy was trying to stress was that
The money that we spend on sending a motherfucka to jail
A young motherfucka to jail
Would be less to send, his or her young ass to college (heh)
See, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that
Our jails are populated with drug dealers
You know crack, cocaine, yeah, stuff like that
Meanin due to the laws we have on crack cocaine and regular cocaine
The police are only
I don't want to say only right, but shit
Only logic by riding around in the hood all day
And not in the suburbs, because
Crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood
And um, you know the other thing is mostly found...
You know where I'm going
But why bring a motherfucka to jail
If it's not gonna stand up in court
Because this drug ain't that drug
You know level 3, level 4 drug, shit like that (heh heh)
Mmm hmm, I guess it's all a misunderstanding, and um
I sit back and think well shit us young motherfuckers,
You know, that 1 in every 9
We probably only selling the crack cocaine just because we in the hood
And it's not like the suburbs
We don't have the things that you have
Why? I really don't want to know the answer, but uh...
I guess we just misunderstood uh, yeah
You know we don't have room in the jail
Now for the real motherfuckers, the real criminals, you know
Sex offenders, rapists, serial killers, shit like that
Don't get scared, don't get scared
I know you saw one them sex offenders papers
Don't trip, he live right on the end of your block, mmm hmm
Yeah, that nigga live right down the street from you
Sex offender on a level 3 drug, convicted, ex-con, yeah, check him out
And what you got, you got daughters, son, what you got?
Yeah, well you know what
You know what? I have a fuckin daughter
You understand me? And, why the fuck would you bring my neighbor
To jail just because the reason why he live next door to me
Ain't the reason why I live next door to him
Mean that, he didn't rap his way to my fuckin neighborhood
He sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood
You move him out, bring him to jail for life
And then you move in a sex offender, heh heh heh
They giving me a paper, heh heh
Is that a misunderstanding, cause I don't understand it
ANother thing, let me take my glasses off
Cause I want to see the reaction on the faces when I say this
Uh, Mr. Al Sharpton, here's why I don't respect you
And nobody like you, hmm hmm, see
You're the type that gets off on gettin on other people, heh hehe
That's not good, no homo
And rather unhuman I should say
I mean, given the fact that humanity, well, good humanity rather
To me, is helpin one another, no matter your color or race
But this guy, and people like him
They'd rather speculate before they informate, if that's a word, heh heh
You know, spect before check, anyway
Mean that, I much rather you talk to me first and see if you
Can learn an opinion before you make one
Just my thought of good humanity, Mr. Sharpton (heh heh)
Hold on, I ain't finished with you man
Gotta pluck the ashes, mmm hmm, hold on, um
Mr. Sharpton, and anyone like you, you don't know me
So, if you're not goin to try to, then what you say
Or think about me, or whatever I do is totally Casper the friendly ghost
To me, and, it doesn't make you a good person to
Criticize before you improvize
Doesn't necessarily make you a bad person neither but
The characteristics fall heavily into bad sway, hah hah
But since I am human, I am good and bad as well
But I try my hardest to stay good
And some of the things I do and say may be bad, or just not too good
But I do try
So with that said, I don't fault you, I mean, you're only human
Good or bad, but I also don't respect you
And I don't care if that's good or bad, heh heh
You see you are no MLK, you are no Jesse Jackson
You a nobody, to me, you're just another Don King with a perm
Heh heh, just a little more political
And that just means you're a little unhuman than us humans
And now, let me be human by sayin fuck Al Sharpton
And anyone like him, fuck if you understand me
I love being misunderstood, why?
Cause I live in the suburbs but I come from the hood
Bring the hook in!


I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood


Dough is what I got, lil mama
Dough is what I got, pretty lady
Dough is what I got, shortie
Dough is what I got, baby
C'mon, I'm paid [x4]


Give a woman none, uh-huh
I already gave my brother some, it's my sister turn
Ain't it funny how the fish do burn
But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm
At the world in the barrel of the pistol term
Well we get it how we live never live and learn
Gotta talk about the flow cause you is concerned
Only down south rapper could've been in tha firm
Or the commissioner of Wu-Tang nigga
Tryna tell you I can kick it like Liu Kang nigga
Got the Sub-Zero flow how you want me ma
Nigga get over here like Scorpion
And when it comes down to this recording
I must be Lebron James if he's Jordan
No, I want ringsfor my performance
I'm more Kobe Bryant of an artist
Same coach, same game, been starting
...Same triangle offense
I come through the lane like dargent
Refree niggaz is lame they call charging
I have no brain I'm retarded
We are not the same I'ma Martian
You can be my Jane i'm your Tarzan
I'm from the jungle where the snakes is all poison
I am magnificent like Marcus
You might wanna fall back like August
Or late september whatever you call it
I hit niggaz in the head like Vonage
I am talking to no particular audience
But understand I'm the guardian
And understand there won't be no guardin him
You will just get played like an accordion
I don't give a damn if she's bossy
I keep pussy running like a faucet
She better catch like she Steve Largent
Because I'm "What's up" like "Martin"


See I know y'all be talking about and you don't like what you here sometimes
But um um since I'm so bright I'ma put the spotlight on you baby


Show me what you bout, lil daddy
I know you need to stop, stop hatin
I know what you not, wodie
And that is Weezy Baby
Blunts up now
Blaze [x4]


Tell the world take six
Young dictionary make words make sense


lets go
im bout to murder this shyt
im bout to murder this shyt
its ya boy weezy BABY
holla
ay ay
bitch im down for my squiddies and i ride for the cause
its the S-Q boys wit the big fuckin cars
if anybody fuck wit my squadysquad
ima cut ya balls off and hand 'em to ya partnaz
its WEEZY BABY the man of the hour
uptown candidate
Holly Grove stand up
im superfly i still ice my whole band up
still hit ya man up
still got my grams up
and whether flowin on a beat
or i catch u in the street
bitch i still gotcha hands up
man up
sqad up
i wont deny it
cuz ima fuckin ridah
SHOUT ATCHA NYGGA
pop atcha momma behind my sqad
bitch i got birdman and rinah behind my sqad
like a hundred million dollaz behind my sqad
now errbody wanna follow behind my--
ah ah
catch me in a drop top
me and supa blanca
22's jumpin in the street we playin hopscotch
any fools jumpin in the street we sayin blackah
coke move lovely and cheap we sayin holla
man we sayin powdah,heroin,grass, X
pistols,bullets, versus sex
weezy versus whoevers ya best
fuck a hot 16 i make 11 ya chest
gotta watch these niggas turnin elliot ness
give my milli a press
leave ya belly a mess
tell ya bitch give my celly a rest
she love my because im coachin her handbags
chenellin her dress
and when im in ya crib
im slidin out her ribs
and she tell me the rest
but i tell her whtever
next time i drop by ima leave u a letter
that says WEEZY BABY no one can do it better


cuz fuck them other niggas cuz the sqad is my niggas yeh
fuck them other niggas cuz the sqad is my niggas yeh
fuck them other niggas cuz the sqad is my niggas
and if
u aint sqad then u not my nigga
thats how that shit go man its ya boy weezy BABY
whn you see me in the streets man do not say oh wayne
say WEEZY    BABY
holla atcha boys man
im still doin it wit my boy FEE
u gotta feel me man
thats the boy a.k.a mr.enron
u already kno dirty money,clean money, its just money nah'm sayin
bitch
young money,cash money,old money whatever man
its ya boy man
i talk a whole lotta shit man i can wake ya grandfather up u already kno man
im the fuckin birdman jun--im the birdman junior man
im one stunnas son u aint heard ha ha ha
they wanna know if i got birds huh
bitch i got 20's i got 22's i got 24's i got 23's
i got--i even got 19's but dont tell nobody know wht im sayin
man im the boy man
yall niggas cant fuck wit me
man i got my nigga guttah guttah right here wit me
and if u--if u talk dogg the boy gone kill u i swear to god man
i put it on my daddy man
i gotcha boy young yo man
if ya bitch talk man the boy gone fuck her i swear to god man
i got my boy rides right here man
u kno how to rap the boy gone put them fire tracks to ya ass man i swear to god man
on the real man
i got my nigga supah right here man
if u buyin worth my boy got it man i swear to god man
i got  my boy T--T.RED but we call him T.STREETS
WHY??
cuz if you fuck wit him he gonna get real streets i swear to god man
i got my boy tezzy pooh man
the boy kno how to do all kinda mathmetician type shit i swear to god man
we on this shit man we got this shit
we ready man on the real-one the real
u dont even kno man i got my boy nut man who wanna spit against my boy
he gone burn em' i swear to god not playin
my nigga raw dizzy man i dont think nobody in the world can fuck wit this nigga
if u think u can fuck wit this nigga u gotta be out ya fuckin mind man i swear to god man
its ya boy weezy baby and if u gotta bitch watch her i swear to god man


Where's my coffee?
Good Morning Doctor Carter (Hey Sweetie)
Looks like it's going to be a long day. (Ahh another one hmm, what we got?)
Your first patient, (Yeah)
Is suffering from a lack of concept, (Uh-Huh)
Originality, (Ugh)
His flow is weak, (Another one)
And he has no style. (Ugh)
Whatcha got for um?


Ok. Let me put my gloves on and my scrubs on. Dr. Carter to the rescue. Excuse me if I'm late,
But like a thief it takes time to be this great.
Ha! So just wait. Your style is a disgrace,
Your rhymes are 5th. Place and I'm just grace.
One, Uno, Ace and I'm tryin to make your heart beat like bass,
But it's sweet like cake and I come to fix
Whatever you shall break. Where is your originality?
You are so fake so picture me like a gallery.
Capture What I say. All I need is one mic. All I need is one take.
Like hey, brighter then the sun ray got a pistols on the playground.
Watch the gun play like. No kidding. No kids in the way,
But the kids do watch. Gotta Watch what we say. Gotta work everyday.
Gotta not be Cliche.
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K.
Gotta, kick it, kick it like the sensate.
You gotta have faith you gotta gotta wait wait...
I think I, I think I lost him.


Dial 1. 18 please.


Good afternoon Dr. Carter. (Worse?)
I don't know about this one.
His confidence is down,
Vocab. And meta fores needs work,
And he lacks respect for the game. (uggghhhhaaaa, let me see)
Do you think you can save him?


Okay.
Respect is in the heart.
So that's where I'm a start.
And a lot of heart patients don't make it.
But hey kids
Plural I graduated
Cause you could get through anything if Magic made it.
And that was called recycling
Or rereciting
Something cause you just like it
So you say it just like it.
Some say it's biting
But I say it's enlightning,
Besides Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest.
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest.
And Dr. Jeezy can fix your back up the nicest.
Authritist in my hand from writing.
But I'm a docter they don't understand my writing.
So I stop writing.
Now I'm like lighting.
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titans.
Fast and exciting.
My Passion is Frighting.
Now let me put some more Vocab in your I. V.
Here take this Vicatin
Like it and love it
And confidence has no budget, so pay me no mind I don't walk like I talk it cause I'm running I don't do it cause I done it and I'm in the emergency punnet.
Got dammit I lost another one.


Good evening Dr. Carter,
It's been a long day,
This one is much better than the others,
His respect is back up,
Concepts sound good,
Style is showin strong side of improvement,
All he needs now is his swagger.


Let me take the gloves off then.
Swagger Tighter Then A Yeast Infection.
Fly Go Hard Like Yeast Erection.
Fashion Patrol Police Detection.
I Stay Tight Like Chinese Connection.
I Stay Tight Like pussy At Night.
Baby Don't Get Me Wrong I Could Do That pussy Right.
But I'm Too Wrong To Write.
Too Fresh To Fight.
Too Paid To Freestyle.
Too Paid To Freestyle.
I Had To Say It Twice
Swagger So Nice.
And Don't Ask Me shit Unless It Concern A Price.
And I Don't Rap Fast I Rap Slow.
Cause I Mean Every Letter In The Words In The Sentence Of My Quotes.
Swagger Just Flow Sweeter Then Honey Oats.
That Swagger I Got It I Wear It Like A Coat.
Wait, As I Put The Light Down His Throat.
I Can Only See Flow.
His Blood Starting To Flow.
His Lungs Starting To Grow.
This One Starting To Show.
Strong Signs Of Life.
Wheres The Stitches Heres The Knife.
Smack His Face His Eyes Open.
I Reply With A Nice Welcome Back.
Hip Hop I Saved Your Life.


He looks good,
His vitals are up,
He's looking good,
He's looking good,
I think we got one,
Dr. Carter I think we got one,
Yep, yep we got one,
You saved him he's good,
He's good,
He's good,
We got one he's good,
He's good,
You got him,
We saved him,
He's a goner.
He's good.


Intro~
Ar your gurl....
I mean my gurl....
Soon 2 b my gurl....
Kno watim talkin bout....
I can't wait till we get to the condo baby....
I got so much medication to give....
Its nothin....
Yeah!


Chorus~
You can come and spend the night at my house gurl
You can drink all you want at my house gurl
You can smoke all you want at my house gurl
Dats my house gurl
Dats my house gurl
We can fuck all we want at my house gurl
Its all cool the neighbors done moved out gurl
And you can scream all you want ay my house gurl
Dats my house gurl
Dats my house gurl


Verse2~
Hold on gurl you kno what it is ma
504 boy you kno where I live ma
Pull up 2 da club 26s on my whip ma
Pocket full of money hustle if your tryin to get it ma
Hold on gurl I like how you movin
Cathing dat beat shawty I like how you groovin
I got enough room in my car to fit you in
So we should leave da club b4 they start fightin n shootin
Yeah and wen you make it 2 da crib you can call ur gurls n tell dem how I'm live
Yeah mommie n you kno dats right
And if your for makin breakfast you can stay 4 da night


Chorus~


Verse2~
I'm in da crib watchin young n da restless
Young money baby I don't kno who da rest is
Me n tunes in da high rides in Texas
Houston dat is
You a bad bitch
But you aint da baddest
But you'd do just fine
Dats my brotha man
Wats his is mine
Wats mine is his
So you kno what dat means
Meet him in da back n you can join da track team
After you do dat holla at trillwill
Dats my dog he stay gone off kill bill
Leave your clothes off and holla at lil boo
Don't get dressed yet cause dizzy what some 2


Chorus~


Verse3~
Cause shawty you aint gotta go home
Cause if you need something baby i'll pick up da phone
I can get 20 cases of my wet sean dean
Weed, coc, ex, all wateva you want
Yeah
We can take a tour thru my walk-in closet
And count the seadogs on da back of my pockets
Dese all 500 dolla jeans
I got 6 cars all of dem painted green
When I spit broads
I'll get a lot of cream
When I meet broads
I'll give dem 2 my team
Yeah
A pimp n a gentle at da same time
I neva carry coins but I keep a lot of dimes


Chorus~


Turn the music down in my headphones, 
(Yeah) that noise in the background that's my skateboard... 
That nigga Mack crazy... 


I put my shooters on they feet
I just give em' yo address and go to sleep
The money turn my niggas into monsters
The white don' turned my niggas into Nazi's lord
The money turn my face into a stocking
Don't make me Turn yo baby to a hostage boyyy
Don't make me turn the kid to a Foster
My Woman turn my dick into a mazda lord
Body ports in the duffel, the bullets turn your body to a puzzle
The money turn my bitch into a monster she know how to get a check and turn a 0 to a comma lord
The money turn my niggas into killas
The sugar turned the cocaine to Vanilla
The money turned the bitches into hoes
The money turned my niggas into foes lord... 
I put my shooters on they feet
Give em' yo address and I go out to eat
Had that Snowman in the hood like Jody Breeze
She from the hood but look like she from overseas
I say "Girl you know I Love You and I care for ya
I got some new shoes and a bag of hair for ya"
She say "Fuck these other niggas they ain't half of ya
Just keep laughing to the bank, it's hilarious"
I got a stay at home Gun and a Travel gun
Boy we can sell white in Africa
It's like I can't explain, yall asked me to spit
Now I'm drooling on my chain what happened to Wayne?
I'm like hold up wait a second, yall thought I was second?
Hating on a champ throwing salt and not confetti
We pull up and we shoot then we park the car and at it
Watch me pull up with no roof that's cause I walk the dog and pet it, I'm like hold up wait a minute yall thought I was finished?
Shoot you in your head then just walk off like I didn't
Let my money talk so much put my jawbone outta business
Doing numbers in this bitch I'm like a smart bone with the digits, Bitch! 
Riding round with the volume down, with the windows up and the choppers down
Soon as we get to yo block it's the fucking other way around
My bitch say I'm too wild she don't even know why she stay around
I get home and I dick her down now she talking bout' exchange the vows
If these bullets was paint balls I could fuck around and I could paint a house
You could tell I pimpin' the way I hit the blunt with my pinky out
I bring Wine to Amy House we smoke it out and we drank it out, and talk about these pussy niggas that ain't about what Wayne about
I'm hanging out a mussane without a brain is outta his mind
I pull over I push a button it change like Optimus Prime
Speaking of change it's a shame how these lames dropping them dimes
We aim at your grape knock it off now you just Vines
Blood Gang red rain on these niggas hot if you dry
My gang top of the line yelling out "Squad Take it outside!"
Imma tax player, imma Axe player, getting in through the back wayer, Red double to the Blue collar unenvelope black mail
Fed up with the Fed shit and Fed-ex lost my package
My white girls say "Yeah nigga" my white homies act blackish
Ain't tall enough for the NBA, I ain't big enough for the NFL
Shouldve been in N.W.A. fuck the police, 5-0 and 12
One time If you don't mind bitch, never say nevermind bitch
You a penny short of a dime bitch no nonsense outta nonsense [?] that was non bitch, Yeah! 
Born to murder bank account on fat bustin' out the girdle
Tellem boys and nothing sweet it's sauerkraut Ya heard me?
They find ya body in New Orleans from Mardi Gras on Bourbon
Like oh lord! Humphrey Bogart
It's a bird it's a plane, it's a crowbar
For the most part, I'm the southern coast guard... 
Ak-47 spitting flame like a blow torch
Sorry 4 The Wait


(Lil Wayne)
Drop, drop, drop, what what what
After you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like it's hot
After you back it up and stop
What, what, wha, drop it like it's hot
Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot


Hehe, listen
(Verse 1-Lil wayne)
You know me girl
I'm a cash money millionaire look at my Rolie (Rolex) girl
Drop to your knees top ya hair, ah ah slow me girl
Now hit it strong, won't be long, now catch it slowly girl
No he didn't say that, yes I did girl
I don't use rubbers, and I don't plan no kids girl
I don't want your number, I want your trouble, in ya skins girl
Then after that, you can get it how you live girl
That's on the real girl, I'm a pimp girl
Get it twisted, I'll slam you like Shawn Kemp girl
I know my neck get it hot like a lighter girl
I just slap you a couple of times, never fight it girl
That's cause I likes it girl
And let me tell you somethin girl, I am a player girl
So don't you try to play me cause I never save a girl
Do me a favor girl, and wet the spot girl
And after you back it up, drop it like it's hot girl


(Chorus-Lil wayne)
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like it's hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot


(Verse 2-B.G.)
First time need you to bend both knees
Wobble that ass right, then pop that pussy
The left one time, the right two times (whoa)
Show a nigga somethin, put it on a nigga mind, come on, come on
Nice workin, bitch
Ain't no need to hold it in, what you workin with
You want a Hot boy, hear me, work it bitch
Then break a nigga off, let me hurt you bitch, let me hurt you bitch
I'm on fire yea
I'm nasty and I'ma make you holler yea
Girl think I'm playin, I'ma freak ya down
I'ma show you how we do it on ?VL? Uptown, I'm wanna hear you make the move
Ooo B.g sounds, I wanna hear you say aw boy you laid that down
Aw you laid that down
I'm hot yea, people say I'm off the block
But I won't stop till you drop it likes it's hot


(Chorus-Lil Wayne)
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like it's hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, make em' it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot


(Verse 3-Lil Wayne)
I'm a rider boy, the hottest boy, respect me
Cause I'm on fire boy, on fire boy
Got them trees, holler boy, holler boy
Bout my cheese, them dollars boy, dollars boy
I'm a seventeen survivor boy, with choppers boy
I got guns that go BLOCK A boy, BLOCK A boy
Ya'll runnin with a monster boy, reason Wayne callin yall
And I'm a mobster boy, hit it right I get my ball on like soccer boy
I keep it right I ain't gon thaw it off I'm a Tymer Boy
Go up in flames blockburner that's my motto boy
It ain't a game, I cock that cause I'm inside a boy
I'm a pimp, got a wife that'll holler boy
Catch her at the house steppin out the shower boy
(shhhhhhhh) hehehehehe, got a lotta boys
Claim to be soldiers but lies boy
And if I catch em I'ma bat em and make em retire boy
(Mannie Fresh)
But a hump in your back and bend your rump
Hey sexy little mama we can do the hump
And you can hurt me hurt me, sex me sex me (what)
(Lil Wayne)
And after he finished, next me next me
(Mannie Fresh)
Work it jerk it pull it hold it grab it (whoa)
I need it eat it beat it, silly rabbit (ooo)
Ha, I stuffed you in the ass (ooo)
Got this thang up in ya like a snake in the grass (sss)
I know you wish you could go home (go home)
To a nigga with a dick like a python (python)
Stank bitch ya like a off the hook telephone (telephone)
Got ya walkin round with nothin but a fuckin thong (wha?!)
Take the switch out on these freaks because cause i'm so wrong
(Lil wayne)
So wrong, so wrong, so wrong
Drop (wha) so wrong, listen, listen, listen


(Chorus-Lil wayne)
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha drop it like it's hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha, drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
We make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
(Lil wayne)
Tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like it's hot
We tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like it's hot
We make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
(Lil wayne)
They go wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, wa a drop drop it like it's hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Wha wha wha, drop it like it's hot
They gotta wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like it's hot
Tell em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like it's hot
Make em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot
Drop em like it's hot, drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like it's hot


(Lil Wayne)
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes
Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I seen nights full of pain, days of the same
You keep the sunshine, save me the rain
I search but never find, hurt but never cry
I work and forever try, but I'm cursed, so never mind
And it's worse, but better times seem further and beyond
The top gets higher the more that I climb
The spot gets smaller, and I get bigger
Tryna get into where I fit in, no room for a nigga
But soon for a nigga it be on, mu'fucka
'Cause all the bullshit, it made me strong, mu'fucka
So I pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
And I could die now, Rebirth motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone
Motherfucker, I'm gone
I know what they don't wanna tell you
Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof
I-I walk up in the world and cut the lights off
And confidence is the stain they can't wipe off
Huh, my word is my pride
But wisdom is bleak, and that's a word from the wise
Served to survive, murdered and bribed
And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside
So I could pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
And I could die now, Rebirth motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone
Motherfucker, I'm gone (I'm gone)


(Eminem)
It hurts, but I never show this pain you'll never know
If only you could see just how lonely and how cold
And frostbit I've become, my back's against the wall
When push come to shove, I just stand up and scream "Fuck 'em all"
Man, it feels like these walls are closing in
This roof is caving in, up it's time to raise it then
Your days are numbered like pages in
My book of rhymes, got 'em cookin', boy
This crooked mind of mine got 'em all
Shook and scared to look in my eyes
I stole that fuckin' clock
I took the time and I
Came up from behind
And pretty much snuck up
And butt-fucked this game up
Better be careful when you bring my name up
Fuck this fame, that ain't what
I came to claim but the game
Ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it
But I swear one way or another I'ma make these fuckin' haters believe that
I swear to God, won't spare the rod
I'm a man of my word, so your fuckin' heads better nod
Or I'ma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody
Sleep on me, that pillow is where your head'll lie
Permanently, bitch, it's beddy-bye
This world is my Easter egg, yeah, prepare to die
My head is swole, my confidence is up
This stage is my pedestal
I'm unstoppable, incredible-
Hulk, you're trapped in my medicine ball
I could run circles around you so fast your fuckin' head'll spin, dog
I split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives
I'll fuckin'
Pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
And I could die now, Rebirth motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone
Motherfucker, I'm gone (I'm gone)


I woke up in that pussy and starting stroking
You woke up and said "Go baby"
She said fuck me hard, don't take it easy on me
Don't do me no favors
No neighbors
Pussy like water, got no smell ain't got no flavor
She treat the tip of my dick like a waitress
She doing tricks on my dick cause I'm a skater


We've been drinkin' and they've been talkin'
But we ain't worried, we just look the other way
It's time to roll up and get it started
It's bout that time I've been feenin' all day
I want you right now
Right in the skate park, riding on your skateboard
You, right now
We drunk in love
I wanna do it all night
We won't stop, got me feeling like Aaliyah when you make my boat rock
Baby be my leader, tell me how you want it papi
How you want it papi? How you want it?


We gon' be fuckin' all night
We ain't makin' love
We ain't makin' love
So you gon' watch me what, what, what, drop it like it's hot
I'ma what, what, what, drop it like it's hot


Hol' up, throw that, throw that pussy girl
Throw that, throw that pussy
Got you walkin' crooked, lookin' drunk as Uncle Woody
Hol' up, I don't even drink, I just be on that drank
I just be on that dank and wide awake like I ain't
So I'ma wear that ass out all night
You get hard dick all day, pussy always tight
And warmer than The North Face
Ooh talkin' crazy, dick gon' have you walkin' crazy
Round this bitch lookin' handicapped
At least you'll get good parking spaces
Look at things on the bright side
Hit that ass from the right side
I'ma fuck the shit out ya, no more Mr. nice guy
Ooh girl, you gon' get this dick, we don't do romance
She ride the dick so fast, like look ma, no hands
Oh, I'ma pull her hair, I don't care if it ain't her hair
I'ma paint her pussy lips white, white like Dave Chappelle
You gon' suck your finger, after you play with yourself
I'm like fuck all that signing you about to yell




I woke up in that pussy and starting stroking
You woke up and said "Go baby"
She said fuck me rough, don't take it easy on me
Don't do me no favors
No neighbors
Fuck you so hard you turn around like goodness gracious
You ask for this and you know I accommodate ya
She doing tricks on my dick cause I'm a skater


And that purp mixed with that Sprite
My body high and we gettin' [?] with that swisha, hit that lgiht
Boy no speakin', we freakin'
Play around with my boy toy
He slidin' through that half pipe while I'm ridin' on that skate board
Skate board, skate board
Ridin' on that, grindin' grindin' on that
(Hol' up)
He surfin' all that, he surfin' all that hood hood
I'm ridin' on that, twerkin' on that good good




And this that sorry
This that, you won't be sorry
No you won't be sorry
Thank you for your patience
This that sorry 4 the wait 2
You won't be sorry no you won't be sorry
This that sorry 4 the wait 2
And I thank you for your patience, yeah


(Yea) Weed n syrup... Till I die (ok)
(New playaz Circle)
As a matter of fact it's gon kill me, bitch!
(Cuz you Aint) (Tell 'em shawty)
So Get High(Tell 'em Weezy)... Or Get Low


Chorus:
If I don't do nuthin imma ball
I'm countin all day like the clock on the wall
Now go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
Say go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
(Get Money) I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin look honey
I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin look honey (Get Money)


1st Verse:
The beats so high
The flow is so ice cold
Walkin to the gucci store honey I'm home
I am on my shit I need a pamper on
Toilet paper on the side for example homey
I get money
I kno you niggaz aint heard no shit like this
And why you wishin on that fallin star
I'm in a foreign car
Smokin out wit the doors ajar
Suede sunroof hangin out the big top
You leave the dealership head to the rim shop
You niggaz barely dressin I got thousands pilin
That's that salad dressin
I'm on my thousandth island wildin... Stylin I be
I get so much money it's my I'd don't try me
And if I don't do nuthin imma fuckin ball
And I aint bout to start runnin naw nigga naw


Chorus:
If I don't do nuthin imma ball
I'm countin all day like the clock on the wall
Now go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
Say go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
(Get Money)And I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin look honey
I say I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin (Get Money)


2nd Verse:
Aint nuthin to a boss
We ballin when you see us
We hear them haterz callin
They too far off to see us
Unless they got they glasses on
Get cha bifocal game class is now in session
Now try to stay focus man
Ya boy aint good enough style aint hood enough
Woulda coulda shoulda wont do wit us
True enough lead a hoe break a hoe
Neva nuthin new to us
Turnin hoez to housewives neva been cool wit us
Soon enough all these dealers is gonna catch up
Till then fuck it I'm winnin so imma stack up
Flows like the river the current is so rapid
Hit wit the ratchet that's how shit happens
Next time you yappin
Make sure it be about big money talk
Let that lil money walk
Call me what you want but don't call me for fun
Southside I got what you want come holla at me


Chorus:
If I don't do nuthin imma ball
I'm countin all day like the clock on the wall
Say go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
Now go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
And baby I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin look honey
I say I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin (Get Money)


And... If I don't do nuthin imma ball
I'm countin all day like the clock on the wall
Say go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
Now go and get cha money little duffle bag boy
(Get Money)And I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin (Get Money)
I say I aint never ran from a nigga
And I damn sure aint bout to pick today
To start runnin (Get Money)


This motherfuckin' D'usse got me sweatin' and shit word to God; 
Hov fuck with ya boy
C5


Okay nigga I got em'
Point em' out and I got em'
Let 'em get a lil buzz
Then we robbin' for pollen
We ain't killin' no minors
You niggas still in the minus
And your bitch, we gonna blind her
Can't pick a side off the lineup
I swear lord knows Imma murk one of these niggas
Shoot you in your earth
And get earthworms on me nigga
I been did my time
I'm getting better with time
But real niggas don't whine
We'll burn down your vineyard
I been ballin' since cornrows
Still duckin' the narcos
My little niggas, in war mode
You spark it up, we charcoal
Got a bad bitch with long hair that have bad days when the mall closed
I'm a big dog, big doghouse, make ashtrays out of dog bowls
Blessins on top of sins, restin' with topless twins
Picture me broke but forgot to take the top off the lens
In the restaurant, Im with Slim
Wrestlin' with lobster limbs
Talkin' about some M's, it's soundin' like gospel hymns
Yes lord


We on that D'usse, me and my nigga Euro
Tina Turn up in this bitch
We got Lauryn in this bitch
Serena Pink in this bitch, better known as Pinky
Yah dig?
What's up Brandon?
Lego! 




Holly Grove nigga, rest in peace, Lil Kevin
Rest in peace, Lil Beezy
Rest in peace, ?
The world is mine, I am selfish
I am a shark fuck them shellfish
Everybody in the building
Well I left that bitch like Elvis
Nigga please
Pops treated mom like Billie Jean
Like hot sauce, I put in on everything
I'ma give that fuckin' woman everything, everything
Here we go, bitch I'm cool, Coolio
She say "Tune, do me slow"
How many fish did Hootie blow? I don't know
Fuck who knows? I got a redbone with two golds
And she snort too much of that Micheal Jackson, that bitch gon'
Need a new nose
And I got time for you hoes
Shit I only have two goals and that is "Get Money, Get Money"
Now I'm ridin' 'round the city, with the top off the Maybach
Lookin for a motherfuckin' spot we can skate at
Elvis left the building
And I take these hoes to Graceland
And I got more bounce, to the 28 grams
I ain't stuntin these niggas, eyes look chinese
Wayne-chong to these niggas, Wayne-chong bitch! 
More than one bitch
This for my niggas, we shall overcome, bitch
From New Orleans, niggas dyin' over dumb shit
You know we give the pastor hell, make the nun strip
Yeah I might have them bricks, call me Brick Cannon
Nina on my lap, what you want from Santa?
I might get money, fuck bitches, kill niggas and smoke weed
I'm married to this shit and I'm a wife beater, no sleeves
Do it for my hood, that 44 ain't no good
You better bring that chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers
Yeah I do it for my hood, that 45 ain't no good
You better bring the chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers, nigga
You better bring the chopper, you better bring the chopper
You better bring the chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers, yeah
We gon' have them choppers, we gon' have them choppers
You better bring the chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers, nigga
Mula! 


My nigga hood in this bitch
Still on that D'usse
Shout out my nigga Lil Twist, my lil brother
He just passed out in the club the other night off that D'usse
Threw up on the owner
Owner talkin' about he wanted his money back
He wanted half of the money back
Twist took all the money and left
That's some Young Money shit
Soo Woo to the B gang
Rest in peace [?]


(Speak to 'em Jazze)
I
(Yea fly guy)
I'm way more fly than you
(That's right)
I'll take your dime from you
(That's right)
Now she wanna spend all night with me
(She wanna wake up with Weezy-F baby)
Let me be the one that you throw it to, baby
(Throw it back ma, throw it back, throw it back, throw it back ma)
I'd like to spend the rest of my night with you
(Yea so how bout you, so how bout you)


VerSze 1
I'll take your bitch give her back; take your bitch again
That's because you throw a 5 I pitch a 10
Now she wanna get inside of my 66
She see my wrist blue and yellow like Michigan
She say she love her man she misses him
But nobody do it better than her distant dick (me)
I'm a long distant pimp
When I land my bitches wait for me on the strip (yup)
And I don't lie I confess, I'm the one who turn that orange vest to a dress
Gotta dress to impress though, Gotta stay clean, plus mommy in a Lex 4
She with me, what you expect, I live to be fly to death
It's the bird man jr. sincerely yours
When it rains it pours, when it rain it whores




Now why you wanna go and do that
I can see through that
Tattoo right there like I can't view that
Girl what that say, wait who that
Bet he was lame, bet he ain't Lil' Wayne (no)
Cus I'm way more flyer
Have you hanging round a bunch of yayo buyers (nope)
And not a day go by us, we don't get higher than the telephone wires
Cut your telephone off we riding where phones don't roam they don't even come on
You're far from home so leave it alone
You creeping with the king of the throne
You sleeping in a tee and a thong
With your hair in a pony
I ain't got no blinds we can stare at the morning (yup)
But I can't be there all morning
I'm a pimp baby, yeah, I'm going, going, going, gone




I'm Sorry I was grooving
Gotta love that laid back Mannie Fresh music
But let's get back to what we was doing
Laid back in that black on plat Ewing's
That's 33 feet tires he fire
These streets ain't papaya ma
You gotta keep heat on your side
2 must
So I'm a get 3 more and cop you one
Wait, naw hun cus you ain't exempt
If your ass ever trip I'll give you a clip (yea)
But I love the way your jeans suck in your hip
And you walk kinda mean how you strut with a dip
And you talk kinda clean and you lick your lips
But I can't fall for you cus I stick to the scrip (yup)
I said I stick to my grip; I stick to my money, that's life to me
Sorry honey Jazze




So how bout you yea
So how bout you
See what I'm talking bout sweet heart you ain't even gotta have John Madden
You ain't gotta have Dick Vitale, you ain't gotta Lee Carsole
You ain't gotta have Stuart Scott, you ain't gotta have Linda Cohn
Know what I'm talking bout, you ain't gotta have the staff of ESPN
You ain't gotta have the ABC staff just to speak sports baby cus I got game sweetheart
Just fuck with the boy and I'll get you a jersey
What you want me to put on the back
Daddy's little girl, that's right, I'm talking bout
See I can't give you the game but I can show the game
And you can see what you see and peek how you peek and get what you get
Know what I'm talking bout
Weezy


(Juvenile)
Ah hmmm hmmmm
Hmmmm Hmmm


Verse 1 (Juvenile)
When I say I don't give a fuck
I mean that yeah
Niggaz brains is gettin bust
I didn't say that yeah
If a shipment was comin in
I need a haul of dat wodie
I need a sixty-forty nigga
And no chargin' that wodie
You done heard about Michael Jackson
And shiggidy shit
But you ain't never heard about me
When i'm flissin a bitch
Niggas shoulders gettin knocked
Clean off of they head
See that red dot comin from
Me and my girlfriend
Cause I wants mine
I needs mine
And i'm about to get mine
At these times
Look lil' daddy
You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas
You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya
Look, I make a phone call to the big dog
Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all
Even though a nigga rich and i rock ice
I still bust a nigga head on the block aright


(Chorus)2x (Juvenile & Lil' Wayne)
(Juvenile)
It's enemy turf that i'm on
So I'ma play it how it go
Cock the hollow points
And tote my black calico
My lil' brother Weezy


(Lil' Wayne)
My big brother Juvi
Both hit tha blocks
Strapped up with the Uzis


Verse 2 (Lil' Wayne)
What, What, La
Gun for gun
Eye for eye
Better move yo' wife and son
Cause I ride or die
Cash Money Hot Boy
Bless me when i'm gone
But until then load up the chrome cause it's on
I been bout it
Put a boot up in my lip and put my dirty up in a clip
I drop the top and then i flip I hit his cock and make 'em flip
And I be full of that trash
I be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast
Watch the bullets chop off the head
And make 'em fall in the grass
One move they all die
Lil' Weezy small fry
Guerilla when it's war time
Y'all better learn
When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell
Well then let 'em burn
Hold 'em fo' ransom, hear me smart boy
Seven churn and i be damn if i let 'em go
If i don't get my dough
Then hell will be all blowin'
Til I R.I.P., C.M.B. I be
I put it down for all my peeps
Nigga, I'm H.B. for real


(Chorus)2x


Verse 3
All i know is the streets
And how to strap up
When it's time shoot it
Cock yo' heaters
Tie up yo' bags
It's time to do it
Blaze the blunt
Shut off the lights
And cut down the music
Roll down the windows
Turn the corner
And let loose with the bbbbrrrrrr
If ya don't know now
Then ya never will learn
You ca play with Lil' Wayne
And yo' block get burned
You must love to go swimmin
Cause tha water gets deeper
See i bust you wide open
And take 'ya daughter with me
Here come the beat boy
Shoot out the street lights
Time to bring on the heat boy
If you ain't really wit it
Then you better get back
I open yo' chest
And make it look just like a wet cat
This is a death trap
I'ma a guerilla and I mean it
Leave ya' head still in a beanin'
Lyin' on the cement
Calicoe steamin'
Red dot beamin'
Dressed up suspicious
Play wit Lil' Weezy, you'll be dinner for tha fishes


(Chorus)2x


Enemy Turf
Time to strap up
What


(Feat. Drake, Jae Millz, Gudda Gudda, Mack Maine)


Un
I like a long haired thick red bone
Open up her legs then filet mignon that pussy
I'm a get in and on that pussy
If she let me in I'm a own that pussy
Go'n throw it back and bust it open like you 'posed to
Girl I got that dope dick
Now come here let me dope you
You gon' be a dope fiend
Your friends should call you dopey
Tell 'em keep my name out they mouth if they don't know me
Huh
But you can call me tunecha
I'll fuck the whole group
Baby I'm a groupie
My s** game is stupid
My head is the dumbest
I promise
I should be hooked on phonics
Haha


But anyway I think you're bionic
And I don't think you're beautiful
I think you're beyond it
And I just wanna get behind it
And watch you
(Back it up and dump it back
Back it up and dump it back)


Cause we like her
And we like her too
And we like her
And we like her too
And we like her
And we like her too
And we like herr
And she like us too


I wish I could fuck every girl in the world
I wish I could fuck every girl in the world
I wish I could fuck every girl in the world


Yea
Alright
(Ohh ohhh)
She be jumpin up and down
Tryna fit that ass in
Took her half an hour
Just to get that belt to fasten
All they want to talk about is partyin' and fashion
Every single night I have a dream that I am smashin'
Them all
Young Money man this shit so timeless
And I'm in the mood to get faded so please bring your finest
And what are all your names again we drunk remind us
Are any of y'all into girls like I am lesbiahonest


She wants me she wants me
Cause I got it all shawty tell me what you don't see
I will fuck with all y'all
All of y'all are beautiful
I just can't pick one so you can never say I'm choosy hoes
And Wayne say pussy pussy pussy
And weed and alcohol seem to satisfy us all
Damn
And every time I think of staying wit her
She bring that friend around that make a nigga reconsider man




I ain't being disrespectful baby I'm just being Millz
And I don't know how fake feels so I gotta keep it real
I just wanna fuck every girl in the world
Every model every singer every actress every diva
Every house of diddy chick every college girl every skeezer
Stripper and every desperate housewife that resemble eva
My role model was will
So married woman or milf
It don't matter who you is miss
You can get the business
Haaaa


These hoes is gods gift like Christmas
I like 'em caramel skin long hair thick ass
And I swear I'm feelin' all of y'all
I'm scrollin' down my call log
And I'm a call all of y'all
My butter pecan Puerto Rican
She screamin' out "papi" every time a nigga deep in
And I'm about to get my Bill Clinton on
And Hilary can Rodham too boy I gets my pimpin' on




And bitch I'm Mack Maine -aine -aine -aine
Sanaa Lathan
Megan Good
Angelina Jolie
Hah
D Woods
For free suites I'd give Paris Hilton all-nighters
In about 3 years, holla at me Miley Cyrus
I don't discriminate, no not at all
Kit kat a midget if that ass soft I break her off
I exchange V cards with the retards
And get behind the Christian like Dior cause he are
Mack Mizzo
Baby
Cause he are Mack Mizzo
Baby


Cause we like her
And we like her too
And we like her
And we like her too
And we like her
And we like her too
And we like herr
And she like us too


I wish I could fuck every girl in the world
I wish I could fuck every girl in the world
I wish I could fuck every girl in the world


Young Mula baby


(talking)
I know, I know, Weezy Wee, this dedicated to my father
Damn nigga, y'all excuse the expressions


What it be like up there baby boy, ay this here ya son hollerin at ya
I miss the shit out ya, it's hard to be without ya
But I know you watchin, peepin down on how I'm livin
Ay, tell Jesus I said thanks for the blessings he sendin
Please ask him to forgive me for the sins I commit
Just let him know I'm still young and at risk
Say, I'll never forget the time that you caught me smokin herb in the house
I was dead wrong, I deserved to get out
But you just talked it over with my mom and got it situated in due time
Told me get the paper instead of high
So now I take that advice and she'd light over my whole life dog
I wanted to be just like you my whole life dog
I can't believe them niggas stole ya, that shit's pain to me
But don't trip, I hold you down, you still remain through me
And dog I know I can't see you but I bet that you smilin
And I'm a make you even happier, I promise


I know you can't be close to my nigga, I know
But I know you watchin over me nigga, I know
But the shit's steady hurtin, burn deep
But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog


I know you see my daughter growin up and bad as ever
But she cool 'cause she do whatever daddy tell her
And your wife, she's still the most wonderful woman
I just built her a new house, she ain't runnin from nothin
B and Slim, them niggas still love me like they own child
Ms. Rose nerves get bad, but still she gon' smile
And me I'm on some "squash it" and some debate it
But I know they love it way more than they hate it
And I know you probably laughin at the way I treat these hoes and these
Bitches
I try love 'em, my bm be trippin
But Rabbit, you know one thing, I got the game from you, every perspective
That's why I keep the gun at close connection for protection
And you see I left school behind and chose cmb
It was impossible on the road every week, but I know enough
And I follow by everything you ever told me, think wisely
Watch over me my nigga, just guide me




I swear to you man, at some times I really wish I was with you
'Cause I get fed up with this life and I miss you
Somebody pass me a tissue, and let me wipe the tears from my eyes
Yeah, nigga I cried, it's 'cause I loved you dog
I promise I won't ever put nothin above you dog
So I live my life in dedication of you dog
I know you see me happy on the outside and hurt within
Make me wanna grab that gun and burst again
But I know they got a reason why I'm here
And I know they got a reason why you gone
And therefore, I'm succeedin on my own
But you ain't never left me, nigga, you still dwell in my heart
I can't forget you kept it real from the start
And until my last breath I exhale, I'm a keep you with me
And when we do meet again, I'm a keep you with me
And tell them niggas Pac, B. I. G. And Pun I said "thay's my peoples"
Watch over me nigga 'til I see you


(Wayne talking to fade)


Who that, Weezy bitch
Like Sigel, you fuckin with the young don, people
Plus I'm tryna make a son, he gon' be the sequel
Muh'fuckas better be peaceful, fo' sheezle
I get sums in lumps, like measles
My dough sick, on occations I catch seizures
I treat beef like burgers, just cheese you
And for that cheedar, hungry niggaz'll eat you
We breeze through in the twelve with the judo eyes
Bitches yell I wanna do those guys
Ain't that cold, you know shit fucked up when you got banked that fold
I'm 19 and I got bank that old
That's the Bentley ma, that ain't that Rolls
But the price on that muthafucka ain't that low
Guaranteed that I'll bang that fo'
If your fuckin with the dude
Big shout from Cash Money Records, fuck You


Fuck you, fuck you nigga, muthafuck you


Chains, nines, guns that's us
The slogan is "we will bust"
The rules our this our side
Cross it young nigga and you will die
Pumps, ride guns, even 25's
Cash Money got this, don't even try
Stay where you from, don't bring no static
If not, then semi-automatic
This is the payback, pussy bitch stay back
Fuck you, yo' mama, yo' daddy and where you lay at
What's beef, beef is when you fuck with us
Guaranteed to lay yo' ass up under the bus
There's no one quicker, than a hot boy nigga
That'll get you with the knife, or pow with the trigger
There's no one keaner, with the chrome Sarafina
Murder ain't nuttin' but a misdemeanor




Fo' sho' nigga
I'm gon' ride 'round my city and stunt my shit
If a nigga don't like it they can suck my dick
I got a Bentley, Jag, Rolls, Ferrari
Lambo' with no top I'm gon' ride tomorrow
Fuck a cutless, regals, and rams V-12
Gotta have somethin fast just to get out them jams
Got a big ass crib with a flow lil fuck
Got a roof all glass and that bitch split up
Got a house built look like a Mercedes booth
Ferrari sofa set with the Lambo' restroom
It's kitted up kitchen set and Rolls Royce wall
Jaguar floors and fuck all yall
Bmw lights, projectors to watch fights
Caddilac Benz, white fox for threads
Chin cheddar for Chi tower, ain't that crazy
I don't give a fuck homie, that's how I play it
Refridge designed like a Lexus with legs
In the fridge, it's quarters to replace the eggs
From me, Fresh, and Weezy fuck what they say
I'm Cash Money stunna nigga and that's how I play it




I Spit That Get Back, I'm Intact, Infact the Author Is Authentic [x3],
All You Slick like Syntec, Inject, Even the Paralyzed feel my impact,
As I skim back over the lines that on the page im lyin I don't write,
I Get High And Ignite, I Got A Serious Mental Plan And Dental Plan,
And You don't Want To Bring The Giant Out Of A Gentleman,
Gee Golly Gigabytes and A Gorillas hand,
To the side of a niggas face like i don't give a damn,
And if he's with his mans and them, i'll put his plans and limbs,
All over his pants and Timbs,
And I Wasn't fortunate to grow up like The Sims but instead i blew up before i grew up,
I Spend 8 And Put 2 Up,Cuz You Never Know When You Have To Do What,
Who When Do You, And You, And You Too, Woo Hoo,
Im Coo Coo Like Birds With My Words,
I'm Poo Poo Meaning I'm the Shit on You Terds,
Yes and I Get on Your Nerves [x3]
And Sit on Your Mind like Piss on the Curb,
Bitch [x2]
Disturb Me [x2]
While I'm Work King [x2]
You Are Just another Earthling,
I'm In the Game, Shit I Must Be First String;
I like My Tugs Baggy and My Turf Clean, Check My Pattern Scheme,
I Probably Have on Rocks from the Moon and Saturn's Ring,
Um Whose Badder Give Em a Ladder,
Tell Em Climb On Up Here and Watch Me Get at Her,
The Badder Part about It Is These Niggas Hate,


But They Wont Even Get a Bar on My Mixtape I'm probably on a Boat Feeding the Bitch Grapes and Crepes,
By The Way that's French Pancakes,
De Pelln Fronce tr Bien, Gosor Adur Sur Le Bien,
Pardon My French, Pardon the Stench, But I Smoke That Grench until My Eyes Squench, I Mean Squint, I'm So Bent like a Dent, But Bitch I'm Still No Clark Kent


And My Momma Used To Tell me Not To Let No Body Fuck With Me, It's Stuck With Me, I Keep it real To The World, Publicly, Unbelievable


Bitches Say They Love U But They Hate U, And They Say That it's All Apart Of Our Animal Nature, Son Just Watch Your Damn Behavior, Cuz Every Animal Has A Tamer, I Come from Where The Gangstas Came From, Go Down Like The Rain That The Drain Sucks, God Damn The Game Sucks, Thank God Im Famous


So Lil' Wayne, what's your motivation?
Is that really a question? (Yeah shorty)
Do you really have that written down on your notepad? (You already)
You should be ashamed of yourself (C 2)
You smell me girl
I smell like money
See, that's what they don't understand
To me, it was allways get money or die
I come up under Birdman number 1 stunna ya know what I mean
I'm stunna Jr. and that's all I know, that's all I ever knew
Get money or get nothing ya know what I'm sayin
And I feel that way, fo real




So hard I go I keep pushin (yeah)
The game so crazy I'm in it like deep pussy (yeah)
I got tripped from tryin to get the whole cookie
Used to make a thousand dollars every time I play hookey (yeah)
Dwayne Carter absent keep lookin (bitch)
I'm present on the block I'm a legend on the block
Ice so bright like heaven on a watch
Yeah nigga I done dropped one-eleven on my waaaatch
So waaaatch and see what I'll do
Breeze by you so fast got you sneezing hachhuuuu
They got the shivers, mayne I got the fever
I gotta bring the hood back after Katrina
Weezy F. Baby now the F is for FEMA
Sick nigga bitch I spit that leukemia (BITCH)
Yeah, no cure no help
So me so good so hard so felt
FEEL ME!




And that's just my point right there
That's what I'm always tryin to stress
Know what I'm sayin?
If you don't understand me if you don't feel me then you ain't real
In my eyes and that's all it count to me, you know


So, is your music considered the voice of Urban America or America period?


I mean, I would say, the voice of the hood
Cause that's who I speak for, and myself you know what I mean?
My family that's who I represent
My homies (yeah)
My girl
My life, you know?






Come on
Bang this shit nigga pump my shit (yeah)
You gotta bang that wimp and go and dump that bitch (yeah)
You gotta claim that strip and go and flood that bitch (yeah)
You gotta aim that shit and straight bust that shit
Like, muthafuck them niggas what they want do I'm ready
Tevin Campbell, no homo
Black Rambo (yeah)
Fuckin with the boy baby that's a gamble (yeah)
If we were in Vegas leave em on a crap table (come on)
I'm willing and I'm able to come and run up on your stable
Like nobody make a sound, where the paper where the paper
Gotta get it gotta have it once I got it I'mma spend it
Then it's back to doing any damn thing just to get it (yeaaahh)
The re-ups be like birthday parties
No room to park the cars in the garages
So outside the cribs all you see is a ararryies
If I ain't say it right fuck it I ain't foreign
FEEL ME!




And see that's why everybody get me wrong at you know what I mean
I got that heat rock
Fo real


Why do you think other rappers lack the impact of your music?


That's because they ain't got their heat rock like me, you know what I mean?
They ain't spittin like me, they spittin,
But know what I mean, they ain't got colds
I got the flu over here man
Fo real
I need relief, yall help me, fo real
Hahaha
I know yall sick of me cause I'm tired of yall fo real




And based on the bank, I'm doin much better than a lot of these niggas
I'm tired of these niggas
Yawnin when I see em make me stretch and pull a burner
I'm cockin back the passin, they catch em in their sternum (Uf-uh uh)
That gone probably burn you
That gone probably learn you, to neva eva eva
Eva eva eva come around here no more
Rich gangstas over here  you gotta die with the broke bitch
Im the God I should ride with the Pope but the boys so hood I'll just ride with my hoe (yeah)
Yeah, and tell em about Holly Grove, tell em about my last show, tell em about my last hoe
You know, just born to mack call me Deion Sanders bring the corner back (yeah)
I'm in my prime niggas fallin back (Ok)
That's right I'm comin baby yeah as hard as crack
FEEL ME!




And that's just what it is man (yeah)
If you don't like my shit then fuck you on your shit man straight up
That's how I was taught that's how I was brought up and that's how I'mma go down man
Fo real
Cash Money, Young Money in your muthafuckin throat bitch
Swallow slow
Weezy F Baby
This interview is over
Go to the next song, bitch


She live in Fort Lauderdale and I'm closer to South Beach
I told her to come over, she said, "okay, don't fall asleep"
She say she can be my housewife and keep my house clean
I said shut the fuck up, put this dick back in your mouth please
I dont see nothing wrong with some mouth and lip service
Tunechi in this bitch, I'm tighter than a pinched nerve, bitch
I didn't answer my phone, I said I couldn't get service
My new nina just told me that she sick of being a virgin
Bagging up the work for an hour, fingers hurting
Let my bitches help me, before they leave I check they purses
Sorry for the wait, the confusion, the disturbance
Got me movin' weight, prostitution, and these verses
Whippin' in this kitchen, in the trap house with my shirt off
I'mma get these millions and I put that on my first born
Got that old Juvie bumpin', talkin' bout the third ward
The DA was a dick and the judge was a jerk off
Got a bad bitch by the curb and like a curveball
Let her drank too much, now her pussy taste like Smirnoff
Sleepin' on chinchilla, boy, I'm cozy like a fur ball
Fuck the other side nigga we could have a turf war
Sorry for the wait I had to drop this part two and shit
Just to let you know that a nigga still doin' it
Workin' like a slave on my Roots part two shit
Gotta let 'em know that Lil Tunechi is still Tunechi, bitch
Bop bop bop
Fuck with me wrong, get the hammer
Thank God I'm home from the slammer, was gone for the hammer
Stompin' the yard like a gamma, niggas was goin' bananas
I'm calm like a camel, I'm smokin' that strong like a camel
I bet my life when we gamble
Y'all shippin' keys, we shippin' grand pianos
I'm in that Lam Diablo, pew like ammo
I'm gone, two fingers up, bitch, I'm gone
Rich forever; Jerry Jones
I gotta hustle, keepin' my destiny going
Like the House of Deron
This plane that I'm on is private, my very own
So no checkin' my carry-ons
She sent the picture naked, I said it's on
But she live in Fort Lauderdale and I'm closer to south beach
I told her to come over she said "Ok don't fall asleep"
She say she can be my housewife and keep my house clean
I say shut the fuck up and put this dick back in your mouth please
I don't see nothin' wrong with some mouth and lip service
Tunechi motherfucker tighter than a pinch nerve, bitch
I didn't answer my phone, said I couldn't get service
My new nina just told me that she sick of bein' a virgin
Now I don't get excited nigga, I just get exotic
I don't get invited to these bitches pity parties
I don't do narcotic even though a nigga got it
Countin' all this money, I feel like I got arthritis
Beggin' up the work for a hour, fingers hurtin'
Let my bitches help me, 'fore they leave I check their purses
Sorry for the wait, the confusion of disturbance
Got me movin' weight, prostitution and these verses
Whippin in the kitchen in the trap house with my shirt off
I'm gon' get these millions and I put that on my first born
Got that old Juvie bumpin', talkin' 'bout the third ward
The DA was a dick and the judge was a jerk off
We yellin' suwoop, suwoop, suwoop
Yeah, you hear us yellin', suwoop, suwoop, suwoop
Blood gang, nigga
And it's the Sorry 4 the Wait 2
And I'm so sorry for the wait too
Sorry for the wait, I had to drop that part two and shit
Just to let you know that a nigga still doin' it
Workin' like a slave, talking Roots part two and shit
Sorry for the wait, Lil Tunechi still Tunechi, bitch


Weezy baby


I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out


Ain't nobody fuckin with me man, Heatman
Skeet man spending next weeks cash, he fast
And I don't even need a G pass I'm pass that
I'm passing em out now and you can't have that
And my chain Toucan Sam
That tropical colors you can't match that
Gotta be abstract
You catch my gal legs open betta smash that
Don't be surprise if she ask where the cash at
I see she wearing them jeans that show her butt crack
My girls can't wear that why, that's where my stash at
I put my mack down that's where you lack at
She need her candlelit and I'ma wax that
I rekindle the flame
She remember the name
It's Weezy Baby January December the same
Mama gimme that brain
Mama gimme that good
Cause I'm the fireman
You hear the firetruck


I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out


Fresh on campus it's the Birdman Jr
Money too long teachers put away ya rulers
Raw tune not a cartoon
No shirt, tattoos, and some war wounds
Sexy
I'm hot but the car cool
She wet that's a carpool
Been in that water since a youngin you just shark food
Quick Draw McGraw I went to art school
Yeah the lights is bright but I got a short fuse
Don't snooze
Been handling the game so long my thumb bruise
Ya new girlfriend is old news
Yeen got enough green and she so blue yeah
Cash Money Records where dreams come true
Everything is easy baby leave it up to Weezy Baby
Put it in the pot let it steam let it brew
Now watch it melt don't burn ya self


I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out


Ridin' by myself well really not really
So heavy in the trunk make the car pop-a-wheelie
Who? Weezy Baby or call me Young Baby
My money 360, you only 180
Half of the game too lazy
Still sleepin' on me but I'm bout to wake em
Yep! I'm bout to take em to New Orleans and bake em
Yeah it's hot down here take a walk with Satan yeah
Come on mama let The Carter make ya
Toss ya like a fruit salad strawberry-grape ya
They ball when they can and I'm ballin' by nature
Addicted to the game like Jordan and Payton
Y'all in a race and me I'm at the finish line
They running for too long it's time to gimme mine
Straight down ya chimney in ya living room is I
Weezy allergic to wintertime... hot


I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out


Tha Bizness, tha bizness, tha bizness
Tha bizness, tha bizness
And Imma give shawty the bizness
Tha Bizness, tha bizness
Yeah Imma give mama the bizness
Tha bizness


Like whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
I was like whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa oh ohhh
She was like damn damn damn damn damn damn damn
And we was like... 
Yeah we was like... 


Uh like hey lil mama
What chu say lil mama
Can you stay lil mama
I don't play lil mama
 
But I shall look deep in ya
And I will do whatever
I got a thing for ya ya ya ya... 


That's what you say I do do do do
What I do do do do you you oh oh


Like whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
I was like whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa oh ohhh
She was like damn damn damn damn damn damn damn
And we was like... 
Yeah we was like... 
 
Now wait lil mama
Can I take you on a date lil mama
If I had my way
We'd be dating everyday lil mama
Now wait lil mama
We can go to my estate lil mama
You know I ate lil mama
Like a straight piranha
Uh uh, her face look flower
And I taste her flower
And I take that flower
And never give it back to
You, you, you, you, you, you


And it was like whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoaa
And I was like whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoaa
She was like damn damn damn damn damn damn damn
And we was like damn damn damn
Yeah we was like damn damn damn


Like hey there shawty
Look what I bought ya
It's a brand new ferrari
Equipped with no top on
And Ima get something for that
Yeah you already know that
Put it on my hope list
And baby Imma give it to youuu, you you you you you
Now what we gon do do do do do oh oh oh oh oh oh


He was like WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA
She was like WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOAAA WHOA WHOA WHOA
She was like DAMN DAMN DAMN DAMN DAMN
Cos I hit her with the WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM WHAM
BRING IT ON down, down now that I bring it on down
Bring it on down down down down


Don't you know my name it's Lil Pain, T-Wayne
What we gon do do do what we gon do do do do


{Lil' Wayne talkin}
So they ask me, "Young Boy, what you gonna do the second time around? How you gon comeback?"
I tried told em'
I come back like 32, I jump back like 33
Ughh, hit me
That's nothin'. This hea's da Carter two people.
This hea's da Carter two people.. Hey!
{Li' Wayne rapping}
They call me Mr. Carter, I kiss the daughter
Of the dead's forehead, I killed the father
Spilled the heart of a mildew hater
I will put dem body on chill like glaciers
Gracias, I'm crazy yes. It's obvious.
Goin' against me is atheist
I got my angels on my shoulda' and a quarter of dat angeldust,
I aint sniffin, I'm just pitchin ya honor
I aint snitchin ya honor
Hate bitch niggas, bitches wit power
Vacate when dat kitchen get hotta
I just sit on da counter,
Open da cabinet, close the cupboard
Put dat jar in da skillet, drop a 4 in the bubbles
I rememba bein young, trynna hustle my dough,
Trynna tell da old junkies dat my crack aint so,
Trynna tell ya fo' ya jump dat my mack aint broke,
You aint trynna see how far that black bat man go, call me pacman, ya ghost is blue
I got my red river rubies and my ocean blue
Jewelery, usually I'm a hooligan for da money, yea I'm eatin but I gotta tapeworm in my tummy, oh!
Make harm and I bomb you in public,
Hit you wit da straight arm, no warnin, nothin
Look it's mornin, no yawnin or nothin
I aint sleepin I'm up trynna take a nigga lunch
You gon' make a nigga break a nigga fronts
Then shake a nigga shorts, then we takin what we want
I'm so 5-0-4, you gotta kill me hea
If you eva lookin for me, bitch I will be hea,
Cash Money is a Army, Navy Seal me hea
Lotta niggas ran from me, but I still be hea
No chrome on da Continental
I'm so fundamental
Crack da phil, crack da roof, and roll up da windows
And my hood love me, they tell me bring it home
That's why I holla Hollygrove on each and every song
You leapin at a dog
A dog wit no bark, just a bite like a old shark
And all you rich niggas know Pa
I'm talkin bout stunna
He like, keep ya dough, he got ya hoe
When da sunshines on da king and sets on the prince,
I met the Birdman and I been shinin eva since like that!


(Lil' Wayne talking)
We here, I said we here, the back of Tha Carter, the back of Tha Carter, heheh, ii. Ughh! Yeah! This hit is the end of Tha Carter ii people. Hey!


Lil' Wayne:


Yeah, I got the game on ball and chain,
I threw the key in the drain, I'm like a key in the drawer,
I spent the G on these frames but my vision is priceless,
Seein' through you niggas like a fuckin' psychic,
Hearin' through the grapevine niggas wanna hate mine,
Say my name and die in the daytime,
You catch my drift man you better be Pathon,
Boy the heat's on, they makin' peace bonds,
I'm in this bitch throwin' up the seventeen sign,
Straight frowns no daps, strapped three times,
That tec-11 ak-47 one Beretta ready for whatever tell them pussy niggas come together,
Happy bet a nigga super-soaker wet a nigga,
Six feet under flowers you ain't nothin' but a petal nigga,
I'm just a little nigga tryina be a civil nigga, 30 years old, shit, that'll be a given nigga,
Quit it Wayne, ya momma's listenin', but she ain't really trippin' 'cause the pots is pissed in,
Them niggas trippin' until the shots whistlin',
Hear them bullets hissin' like a cobra at attention,
I got a bitch and quit callin' women bitches, as long as she don't worry 'bout the coke in the kitchen,
No preventin' the grind, I gotta get it,
I'm admitted to the game, true playa, no quittin',
There you go shittin' on the way a nigga thinkin',
Only history I know is Benjamin Franklin,
And since the future ain't promised to no one,
I live every day like this is the sure one,
Trade in the tidal wave, this is the ocean,
Stand in that heat 'til the muthafuckin' snow come,
And it feels so fuckin' good, throw my dope like a rope let 'em tug and pull,
No hope for the hopeless, rats and roaches,
Runnin' 'cross the porch, in the attic there's a fortune,
Come and get it automatics in motion, we bangin' for the bread nigga even the molded,
I got my loaf, I got my toast, chaperone of the South I got my coast,
Yeah, and until I die, I'm da da-da da-da da best rapper alive!


You know they saying since the bar back on the 'dro, he lackin
The flow
And if that ever happen whoa I ain't rapping no more
I'm good with a pina, daq and an o
Gagging and choke like ho put the dick back in your throat
Still packing for sho
Yeezy Weezy off of the heezy for sheezy
Cruise with the top off of the 'Ghini
Bars got cheese I got cheddar linguini
That's why I keep the federals scheming
That's why I keep the platinum blinging
Every diamond's like a nice size
I help people with problems look at the bright side
With nice ties on a rise so they sitting me high
And the rims born in '79
Weezy carry the nine glocks
Slipping they gon have to get six niggaz name called carry a
Pine box
Marry me ma, not
But here's what you can do to me
Give me good brains tutor me
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee


They call me Weezy Weezy for sheezy
Banana clip on the heater
Banana whip on them sneakers
Banana dick going deeper


Got a good game honestly so respect the young'n
Got your girl undercover like a detective woman
I'm a mess blow a vest to onion and I'll test your stomach
And the pistols right next to him cousin
I'm a player having s** with dozens
S** with cousins hoes dissed with husbands
My pants is down her dress is up
Her head down and her neck is tough
She suck till I say, "That's enough!"
We fuck till her ass fractured up
And when I nut no shower bitch pack your stuff
Am I a mack or what
Yep, Weezy macaroni with a bony model bitch
Are you modeling ma
She got her own whip so you following ma
She said she like that squad shit
So oh you swallowing ma
She said she like that hot dick
Well miss I got three bricks and two pills pop
One blunt mami let's roll
And understand, I know what my name is, right
Bitch say it
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee




I'm so gangsta
If she don't go down no thank you
I got so many bitches so ain't ya
Got so many pictures of Ben Franklin
High top tennis on the car cover of the whole game cold
Fuck it up with me niggaz come from all angles
Representing S-Q like the Star Spangled
White tee-fish at Kango
Low top Nikes plus my ho pop Nikes
How exciting we riding in the third lane
Said she like Juvy but prefer Wayne
She can give me head
Call her birdbrain on everything
It's Young Weezy 'cause I be golly
My neck more colorful then Nelly, Murph, Ky, Ali
I'm so cold deep
Low seats in the old drop blow reef
Like no cops could fuck with this
Swiftly no tops on the whippy
Cash Money hot Bizzy Lil Wizzy get with me
Now I'ma, I'ma ask you again
You know my name right bitch
Bitch say it




W-E-E-Z-Y Wee
Bitch holla!


Forever, Forever


Str8 up gangsta, hollygrove gangsta
Lay a nigga down in pink stuff
Them soft ass dudes just think
Tough we shooting put them shanks up
We just tryin to live till summer
And put them mincs up I'm
Sync up in the cope the eyes chenk up
Pull up on a bitch with the light
That night linked up
Whole lotta shit in the life
As young boss but
That vvs ice will bite ya
Face off yea I ignite
And take off now catch
Up I'm the best doing it come on niggas
Fess up nigga feel different he can chest
Up guess what I bring to
His chest to his right lung and left lung
Nigga get a check up nigga put ya check up
I swear I'm on fire need
Water like a hiccup
So I guess I can might as well say that I'm
The best today and


Forever, Forever


Candy paint T I'm ridin the peppermint
Even my leather got my leather
Trim I'm rollin up the element
I shuttin em in the trunk like a elephant
Bet u remember it like elephant
I got this rap bottle up like medicine
Whose better than, fuck him
I prolly fuck her and what's new
And if u hating on us yea fuck u
And if them bitches what to fuck us
We wanna fuck to
What up coincidence and we cause
Accidents not incidents
I'm big shit their inciwince
Their not even a letter in my
Sentences sitting in my
Cope on 20 inch
So it's like I'm fencing bitch I
Will stunt


Forever (so stop being defensive bitch imma lit this bitch I'm in this shit)
Forever (Now end this shit! )


Im mac maine and this young money you betta em
Straight out the hood a young hoodlum
Done what i shouldn't did but they said i couldnt
Hid where all the killas hid at
Im where the other hustlas slung at waitin on that get back
Get that flip that debatin on that mix match
Switch that from dope ta coke
Im goin up fast now you niggas is slowin fast
Now my is niggas blowin abs
If i tell em you niggas is hoein up cash
Rollin up steppin out of the phantom ass put yo lighters away you talkin to a can of gas
There's nothin ta no matter who comes ta ask
And murder aint funny but we do love ta laugh
We just livin take money take baths
Take a nigga bitch and fuck her and send her back with nothin
Now isn't that disgustin give him back his sister give him back his cousin
Yeah go make a stack or something go and buy yourself a spine and get her back ta frontin
Yeah and ta end that discussin i been had strenght i just got the muscule
Fuck you it's that or the other i see my people strugglin wish that they wasn't
The government try ta put us in the muzzle but yo two fingers aint the pieces ta the puzzle
Shit so to each it's yo own hustla and i hustla all night the go home ta the fustin
Then wake up ta the fuckin breakfast in bed don't forget my english muffin
Hawiian punch taste like robitussin a nigga just livin just breathin just puffin
Cmon momma drop that la burner dick milimeter cock back murder
Banks in the hater we can not go any further
If my girl catch us both in the spot she will murk us
Pussy niggas talkin all that smack we will murk his
Hungry ass niggas i tote two hamburgers
Who what beef who what beef
I bring to front door and now you seem nervous
Two seater sweve traffic ta hell with it shit you can't die with cant
Shit you can't die with it can't go ta jail with it
Might as well lay in it pass and then fail with it
Me i exhale then tell and tell whip with it
Give them niggas something ta them bitches smelling like money after full court scrimmage
The fam at the table got a full course dinner
Young money cash money throw pifatti at the winner
And yet he understund us when we told him break it off
Cause gangstas talk one word will be a wall
Alone with two can't handle this destructin
All body killin baby sound like seductin
Niggas change dough bitches follow the instructions
Sometimes you goota out the whole rooster in the oven
So tell the public ima do my thing
Just as soon as i hear that bing
I got comin comin up
You niggas just runner ups
And runnin up will get you in that wheelchair forever
Its whatever ima be here forever
Cause the little nigga better than all you niggas together
Im gone


Frith is tha man he be chillin like bob dylan and maxin like
Michael and janet jackson....
Ain't no body dope or s*** as him
He rhymes always get payed by dimes even those peeps say he
Wastin his time
Know he knows somthin you don't know
And he got somthin to tell ya
You wouldn't believe how many people struke  out at tha flow
Folks said I was a failure now tha same mother truckers askin
Him for dough and he is yellin I can't help ya
Frithy can't we get tickets to tha next show... Heck no.. You for real


Uh-oh, uh-oh
You know how we do it
Weezy and Petey, baby
Ya'know
This here is 500 Degreez
Holla at 'em dogg


'cause I know I ain't dreaming
I swear to God it sound like Petey Pablo on that track with Lil Weezy
Switching it up
Fuck it put them things on the truck
What's the name of y'all jeweler tell 'em freeze me up
Hating me kinky licks talking so much
Lemme give these sons of bitches a reason to keep it talking
You want to
You ain't built to squabble with us
I come to your show with heat homes and run on your bus
I drink your water up
Cool off I'm leaving with something
They leaving you something crop stolen
An asshole heard it
Hip on purpose
Dre I did what you told me
I been acting like I don't hear ya but that shit been working
Keep me a burner
Poison that I grab in the morning
'cause I know that that's what's gon hold me down on this earth
A real nigga trill nigga pull out and get debated
I keep waiting
I hear your name in the papers


They call me young as Weezy
I'm gon round up the whole uptown
We gon burn this bitch down to the ground
People understand that you're fucking with some motherfucking soldiers
Crazy-ass Petey
I'ma tell a nigga just like this
If you want it boy you sure can get it
You ain't heard
It's Cash Money and that Carolina nigga


They call me gangsta gangsta
Weezy, Weezy
Lil Birdman junior
Holla at ya nigga
I fuck around and throw a bottle at you nigga
I'ma big pimp I throw a model at you nigga
Squad-ad squad up throw up the motto at you niggaz
You can mind up I throw a hollow at you nigga
And I'm so high
No I'm too high
But a little work on a few blocks
And I put a few skirts on a few blocks
If you dirt you feel the burst from my fuse box
Oh lordy there nobody like me shortie
I hold Cash Money myself it's me money
Old cats wants to test come see shortie
I got it all hot it in the pocket I'll pop it
I riding in a 'Rarri where the top is in my pocket
That's young Weezy baby




You see it's young Wayne
Game is ashamed and they say he's a pain
He is crazy deranged
Put them blades on his thing
Just like 80 to summer
So, when the sun hit it look like Baby or something
So, when I come through the ladies praise me or something
Like, Weezy's the man
If you be's where he be's then you leaves with a tan
'cause he's 500 Degreez
I need a fan, whew
Cool me off wipe me down
Daddy is back in town
With the back of my Caddy slanted down
And the mack goes +black+ if you ask around
Put some hash in that grass that you pass around
Then I stash a pound by my ave with rounds
I'm a gangsta until they put my casket down
You can ask around
And they tell you like me
There ain't nobody like me
It's Weezy baby




Aiiyo see this is right here is Young Weezy nigga
Don't get it tangled and twisted
I'm in the studio right now nigga
With my boy
My nigga Boo in this bitch
My nigga hot boy album ya'know what I mean
500 Degreez
They all riding with ya boy
Fi-Fi
They gotta feel me
Birdman junior, number one stunna my partner
You know the name, bitch


Ladies and gentlemen
This one goes out to that little kid that got fried Spam for lunch
I feel for you, I'm with you, I'm with you brother
And this one right here is fot that ghetto girl with the bad perm
That just burn baby, burn baby, burn
Pop open a malt liquor
Smoke something until your scalp gets killed


Gangstas and pimps
Love lobster and shrimp
Kool Aid and chicken
Flashy things and women
All I need
Is remy and weed
Somebody not afraid
To go some for my Escalade


I'm just pimping
Baby you got a rule for me
Put your mink on and slide in a cool for me
Hey you gotta get high and go low for me
It's Cash Money young money never know money
It's 500 Degreez it's not fool buddy
But it and the dro got me so scummy
And to drum hole a whole hundred
Can I put a whole hundred in your whole tummy
Hehe, man's Wheezy's a legend
You can tell by the bottom of my sleeve when you see what's in a bazel
I'm in this bitch hold your bitches
And hold your bitches 'cause she gon wanta part of me
'cause she never see the roof of my car with me
And you never see a tooth without a diamond on it
This is game at it's finest homie
Peep it




See I was born from a gangsta
Pa gave me a whip
Ran numbers with pimps and I laid down cents
One of a land Birdman I shine
22's on it?
The bitch ain't mine
I taught her the game ma
I gave it all to her
Weezy Wee my son I give it all to him
The Birdman junior I'm the son of a stunna


Mannie Fresh
Jazze Phezzy this our summer
500 Degreez got rich off the four
Cadillac smoke dro just me and the ho
Flash from hard times from that cake and dope
Put cars in moms names just to duck white folks
We eat lobster and shrimp
Nigga park that Lambo
I'm a V. I. P. Nigga
Pop bottles of Mo
I pray that one day I'll open a better door




Ain't no mountain high enough
To me for 'cause I keep on buying fifi stuff
And the Eastside where we pump
It's my part of New Orleans
Bleed for ya I'm the heart of New Orleans
Hear you're fucking with a gangst foe
Hope you never close your eyes I'll bang your ho
All she need is some guidance I'll tame your ho
It's big pimping over here man yeah man
If she looking for a daddy see the lil man
Weezy baby, don't fool yourself you need me baby
Easy baby, I'm just trying to keep my bread cheesy, baby
Slick when I spit shit right
26-inch got a deep-dish ma
Sweet as mami lips when I'm creeping by
Baby gave mewings just to keep me fly
Weezy I hell yeah
And I'm rolling with them




This song right here, is dedicated to the president of the United States of America
Y'all might know him as George Bush
But where I'm from, lost city of New Orleans... we call him this




Noooowww
This song is dedicated to the one wit the suit
Thick white skin and his eyes bright blue
So called beef wit you know who
Fuck it he just let him kill all of our troops
Look at the bullshit we been through
Had the niggas sittin on top they roofs
Hurricane Katrina, we shoulda called it Hurricane (Geeoorrggiaa) Bush
Then they tellin y'all lies on the news
The white people smiling like everythin cool
But I know people that died in that pool
I know people that died in them schools
Now what is the survivor to do?
Got to no trailer, you gotta move
Now it's on to Texas and to (Geeoorrggiiaa)
They tell you what they want, show you what they want you to see
But they don't let you know what's really goin on
Make it look like a lotta stealin goin on
Boy them cops is killas in my home
Nigga shot dead in the middle of the street
I ain't no thief, I'm just tryin to eat
Man fuck the police and president (Geeoorrrggiiaa) Bush
So what happened to the leverage, why wasn't they steady
Why wasn't they able to control this?
I know some fok' that live by the lever
That keep on tellin me they heard this, stole this
Same shit happened back in Hurricane Betsy
1965, I ain't too young to know this
That was President Johnson now
But it's president (Geeoorrggiiaa) Bush


We from a town where (Georgia)
Everybody drowned, and
Everybody died, but baby I'm still prayin wich ya
Everybody cryin but (Georgia)
Aint nobody tried, there's no doubt on my mind it was (Georgia) Bush


Noooowwww
I was born in the boot at the bottom of the map
New Orleans baby, now the white house hatin, tryin to wash away like we not on the map
Wait, have you heard the latest, they sayin you gotta have paper if you tryin to come back
Niggas thinkin it's a wrap, see we can't hustle in nature, we ain't from (Geeoorrggiaa)
Noooww it's them dead bodies, them lost houses, the mayor say don't worry bout it
And the children have been scarred, no ones here to care bout em
And fash out, to all the rappers that helped out
Yea we like it they callin y'all, but fuck president (Geeoorrggiaa) Bush
We see them Confederate flags, you know what it is
A white cracker muthafucka that probably voted for him
And no he ain't gonna drop no dollas, but he do drop bombs
R.I.P. Tay 'cause he died in the storm, fuck president (Geeoorrggiiaa) Bush
See us in ya city man, give us a pound
'Cause if a nigga still movin then he holdin it down
I had two Jags, but I lost both them bi-tch-es
I'm from N.O. the N.O. Yea!




([DJ Drama:] oh yea, you thought we was done? Naw)


YEA!
Money money money get a dollar and a dick
Weezy Baby that crack, muthafucka get a fix
Got money out the ass, no homo but I'm rich
Bout to go get surgery and put some diamonds on my wrist YES
Yep, I'm a muthafuckin trip
I'ma trip to Japan and buy some brand new shit
Nine hundred to a grand, get you twenty eight grams
If you talkin bout bricks, I'm the interstate man
And the women say damn, them niggas don't say a damn thing
Boy I bet that shotty make you bounce like a bed-spring
Walkin a thin line, gotta defend mine
And wit no pen I'm sorta like a bomb BOOM
Young toon, yea that's what my people call me
Fifty thousand for the cause, tryin keep the reaper off me
I drink a lotta syrup, bitches say I'm sleep walkin
Big money for the grill, so I'm never cheap talking, yea
Keep talking and the flame leap off the hip
And keep sparking, pap pap sleep softly
Yea, nap nap, nap sack, three forties
Like fuck another nigga, nigga just don't be da target
Young New Orleans nigga, nigga just don't be retarded
We done lost everythin and you lookin like a bargain
Purple weed, purple drink, purple heart sergeant
I'm the best rapper in the game no argin (arguing)


And I don't ever write, pause
Un-pause this, so keep ya bitch ass lines inside the margin
Lil Wayne dot com bitch log in
Put a pillow under your knees and keep ya jaws in
All in ya girl mouth, use her like a toilet
They usually want a baller and the young nigga ballin
Mike Jordan, pardon my swag
Even my father rich as fuck and all my brothers left the family
We said fuck it bought two houses in Miami
I can't wait to do cribs, MTV c'mon get at me
Any rapper wan get at me, tell ya label contact me
Half four hundred for a feature, wanna battle, I'll beat ya
I'm a beast, I'm a preacher, I'm the son of miss cita
Mom dukes, my jeter, she the reason, she the reason
Everybody woman wanna be da boy diva, not even
There's a 305 dime I wanted ever since I seen her
Got a topic of this evenin, hotter than a tub steamin
Gotcha girlfriend dreamin of one day bein Trina
Notta sim seemer, ten ki's in the Beamer
Got a white girl drivin, couldn't do it much cleaner
I'm fly in the sky like that muthafuckin ribbon
Bitches got my name on em, and the nigga still livin
Spend a condo and a club, one bottle won't do
Two bottles won't do, bottles for the whole crew, thanks
And bring me that Patrone, I don't play
No ice I like my drink straight, not gay
And bitch that bank come everyday, I'm paid
I wish a nigga come invade, get sprayed
I stomp a nigga out like I got ten legs
Then they fish the nigga up out the lake in ten days
Behave, no ho, I'm on that Rage Rov
Cash Money, Young Money, ho that money age old
And can't a cage hold this animal from Hollygrove
Sorry mami I be stoned, I be, I be, I be blowed
Got me copy rock star, Weezy Baby fuck these hos
Gotta pay me now for me to even take these hos
Price sizin for a show and the flow
So either Drama is my nigga, or that boy got doe
Go figure that's my nigga, that's my nigga, my nerve
If anybody else want it, sixty thousand a verse


I'm just trynna get my own
I'm up early in the mornin
Gettin it by all means
Gotta get this dough
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)
But everytime I look over my shoulder
I see you and your haten haten hommies all up in my zone
Oh no (no)
Oh no (no)
Oh no (no)
Oh no (no)


Come on man
What the fuck you lookin at me for
You wanna do somethin
Do somethin! 


I say, fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got to much shit on my head
To have to deal with all of you
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
I say fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got to much shit on my hands
To have to deal with all of you
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
I say fuck you


Listen baby
You got it going on your girlfriend
Say I aint the one they hate it when I call you
I can hear em on the backround of your phone
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)


What you don't know about them baby
When you're not around them baby
They be trynna holla, they be hidin
In the bushes by my home
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)
Oh (oh)


Listen girl
You tired of your motherfuckin friends
Hatin on your motherfuckin nigga everytime he call
Ladies a bunch of motherfuckers aint it
Fuck them all


Just say fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got to much shit on my head
To have to deal with all of you
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
I say fuck you
Get a life
Man I got to much shit on my hands
To have to deal with all of you
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
Oh you (you)
I say fuck you


All I can say is get a life
Quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life
Get money get bitches and get a life
Get it goin get a room then get a life
All I can say is get a life
Quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life
Get money get bitches get a life
Get it goin, goin roomm thennn
Ohh, ohh
Ohh, oohh, yeaa


Weezy
What up pop. What up pop.
Fuck what they heard it's what they need to know nigga
(They saying C. A. Are. T. E. Are. Yep!)
Ya feel me. Hey nigga we done built this.
Shit from the ground up now homie
Believe that daddy. It ain't no looking back from here. We too strong


And that's the only way we get down (We get down)
'Cause that's the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark, yeah)
And that's the only way we get down (We get down)
And that's the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark, fuck a law, oh!)
'Cause that's the only way we get down


I down down a brother we ain't cut from the same cloth you Downy soft
Bullets separate ya body compound a busta
I'ma find ya if ya hiding I'm a bounty hunter
In ya home putting dick all down ya woman
You come home we in the bedroom counting money
I bring her home and I fuck her on a thousand hundreds
Then I shoot the nasty bitch in the mouth for nothing
I say Birdman Birdman what's good today
We ain't never let them niggaz take our food away
And we recognize real and got a rude awakening
And woke up together and our life was better
I'm the Cash Money son I live a life of cheddar
Not a rat though hat low Nike is leather
Lil' maw twist to get my life together
Ya bitch meet me at the bar and we night together Cut!




Throw my weight like Sherman Klump
I gotta hold up my estate like Donald Trump
And I aim kinda straight when it's time to pump
I bring the pump when it's time to pump
Wrapped around my waist like a cumber bun
Don't make a nigga pump (clap clap) you up!
I come in that new thing she threw up
Now yo' bitch ass gotta clean yo' shoe up
I'm rich as fuck and I never blew up
Business mug gotta get my loot up
Bet ya bitch get fucked if I ever met her
Bet ya ditch get dug you ever step up
One by one I push 'em down fat bullet fat head make a pussy sound
Hard head soft ass make a gushy ground I'm straight from a crooked town
Like that bitch!




I give my arms and my legs to the game I'm ahead of the game
I dead any mane if he said any thing but it's cool as long as nigga paid when he came
And I'm a fool wit the flame and the caine
Cut it just a little bit but the drain stay the same yeah
Young Wayne and the pain and the stain still remain
On the chest where the four made a mess yes
I'm still here in the flesh 21 year old legend I'ma live way after my death
I sacrifice whatever that's left
I give ya'll the last of my breath like... [exhales]
Write it down take a picture record a copy
Press pause only way you stop me fucker
I'ma get mine and make you not me
Spit wine at ya face if you watch me bitch!




And that's the only way we getting down nigga Cash Money cmb man
You already know we here never left fuck 'em
See me if you got a problem boy
I'm at home all day man. It's not a game
Stunna, what's really good with 'em we ain't never let 'em take our food away
Fresh you nasty on this on dawg. Ugh
This one, this is the Carter Beotch!


Drought 3
Hear My Chains Haha
That Mean I'm Ballin Bitch
If Ya Didn't Know
If You Wasn't Informed
Or Somethin Like That
This Is Da Drought 3
And Um, Check This Out


Yeah Imagine Waking Up Out Ya Sleep To Them Pistols Blastin
And If The Witness Is Dead There's No Trial
If You Didn't Know Then Hoe Well Ya Know Now
And I Don't Mean Basketball When I Say I Don't Know Yao
Money Money Money Money Boost My Mor-Al
Play With My Money Money Money O.K. Co-Ral
I Like A Bitch With A Apple Bottom Like Vokal
The Top Is At My Fingertips Like I Ain't Got No Nails
I Got Blood Brothers Bitch I Ain't Got Pals
I Make A Girl Get Low Like I Ain't Got No L's
I'm A Paper Chasin Dog Check My Toenails
And I Never Miss A Game, No Shaq O'neal
More Like Brett Favre Just Like Brett Favre
I Been Shot 2 Times Just Wipe That Off
But I Thank You For Putting Me Right Back Lord
And To You Father I Would Give My Life Back For It
That Knife That Sword That Gun That War
Make Ya So Called Soldiers Just Run Like Gore
Yeah Frank that is From San Francis And I Got More Banana Clips Then Chimpanzees
1o Addresses And I Dresses, Like I Thinks I'm The Mothafuckin Best There Is
And I'm About To Bubble And She Catch That Fizz And I'm Straight From Clayborne Nigga Just Ask Liz
Check Ya Neck There Aint A Crook Like This
From The City Where The Judge Throw The Book At Kids
Burna In School In My Bookbag Hid, Talk Stupid At Lunch And We Havin Ya Ribs
If You Are Not Home Then We Havin Ya Kids
And If You Can't Come Up With Half We'll Send You Half Of Ya Kid
Back To The Board, An Extravagant Crib, I'm On The Toilet Watchin Martin Just Laughin & shyt
Don't Know Why I Get High, But I Get High, I Get High Like Every Single Day
We Do Shit That Them Other Women Can't, Maryjane What Is It You've Done To Me
I Pop A Beat And Start Rollin And Then I Smoke It Like A Mothafuckin Stogie
Pete pye Wrote It, I Was Rappin To The (Ding-Ding-Ding ??) Fuck It
Get High Screw The World And that's That
I Need All My Funds Yeah, All My Money Baby
Black Diamonds And Pearls, Believe That
I May Bling Bling And My Chest Look Like A Mural
I'm Nuts, Just Call Me Squirrel
My Fetish Is The Girls, But The Women Not The Girls
Act Your Age Not Your Shoe Size Maybe We Can Do The Twril
I'll Be The Prince Of A Pearl tongue Earring In Her Pearl tongue
If She Come Let Her Girl Come, Give Her A Pill Give Her Girl One
Party time Excellent Yeah Wayne's World, Campbell's Soup On The Wrist Just Call Me Earl
Lil Ma Don't Shoot 'em Ya Heard, I Get High My Words Slur, I Start Callin 'em Mirl
Hey Mirl Light That Fur And I Know This Old But I'm Really Hot In Herre
I Went With The Phantom, My Niggas Copin Spurs
My Hands In The Pot, I'd Rather Eat And Stir
Its I Againt The World And I'm Strapped Yeah
I Bring All My Guns, Shoot Mothers, Fathers, Babies Damn
Black Hand Guns To Serve We Could See
But We Are So Blind To The Signs They Tryin To Lose The World
And We Will Walk Right Up With Our Guns Yup, Hand And Hand Yeah
We'll March Right After The Drum, But I Don't Need No Band Nicca Drought 3


Lloyd I got you
Yeah


Ok, I'm Weezy baby
And I am from the south where we call all our women baby
Hey baby, hey baby, all day I say hey, hey, hey
I ballin like Fade-A-Way, 3 letter credit A ok
Black car, black car, girl I got a black car
Can I buy some of your time and charge it to my black card
You can be my bittersweet, shake that sugar and salt
Chain full of asphalt, bullshit walks, cash talks
Car black, car big, car fast, Car-ter
Can I stick my pencil in your sharpner
Beat it up like its a drum, call me Travis Barker
Tat tat tat, boom boom, tat tat, boom boom, tat tat Brrrrrrrr Pshhh


All I really want is for you to back it up gon and put your weight on it
Cuz its all right, do what you wanna, make me believe it
Ooo I wanna see ya get it shawty, get it shawty, get it shawty
Soo g-g-get it shawty, get it shawty, get it shawty


(Lil Wayne talking)
Stop, Oh
Who it be nigga? Oh
Weezy Wee nigga, Oh
Lets Go, Oh
Uh-Oh, Uh-Oh
Get off the corner
Uh-Oh, Uh-Oh
Get off the corner
Uh-Oh
Listen
Uh-Oh


The block is hot, The cops is swarmin a neighborhood heavy
While niggas off in the neighborhood sellin', With penitentiary chances
The dope roped up in a couple of pants is
Fiends flock like??? Come get this candy
I got Heroin bundles and them Highland O's
Plus a cooked slab, Chopped up, Dimes is swoll
If I spot the laws comin', Hey it's time to roll
Candy Carter got a line of parole, Outta control
The first fell on a Tuesday this month Oh
Sweet thang, Plus it's a sweet thing
In??? For three days
One time you say what you mean
I gets the green
Break up the block like Maurice Green
Ya feel me, In my predicament
I'm guilty until proven innocent
Hustle ridiculous, I'm trying' to get this dope continuos
Ball 'til I fall, One thing I aint tryin' to fall
Want everybody numb like Ambasol
They heard me.....


(Chorus 4x)
Uh-Oh
There go them fuckin' Po-Po's (Uh-Oh)
And if you know like I know (Uh-Oh)
You better get off the corner (Uh-Oh)


I'm a young dogg, wildin ecstatic
Violent on acid, them gangsta's doin' time in emparishment
Role models, Keep ya cut, They drank whole bottles
An cuss at niggas, You like fuck that nigga
I let my pump suck track niggas
You beef with me, I guarantee ya mams' will be missin
With a note behind demandin' three chickens
Or she gets it, Do not twist it
We cut ya???, Have ya body in three different places
Aint nothin' gravy, But save it
Cause I'm a rider, Hit a nigga street
Weezy go to war like Sudam and Clinton disagree
While I'm shitty from the weed
Like where them bustas be
I promise ya never fuckin' sleep, I clear the set
Come outside late at night, To ya surprise I'm here with Teck's
Two shots knock off a niggas neck, it's so realistic
So I hope you get it, or else them shots poke ya fifty
Be on the block 'til them Soldiers hit it
That's when he heard.....


(Chorus 4x)
Blocka
Me come and tear ya block up
If you don't want no problems
You better get off the corner


Ok I cook ya cut, An ship an move it
I make a livin' in this crooked public distrubutin'
Just take a peek around, Cause when blood is shootin'shit is boomin'
The hottest D in town
Lookin' for me, Have me toasted like after six
See I crack the bricks right down to Z's
Got pounds of trees, My blocks blazin' qp's to ki's
Gangin in the cheese, Them bricks is comin'
No drop sound sit on nothin'
I don't believe I'm frontin'
If I give you a dime, I leave with somethin'
The big dog, nigga I got the city under siege
An the law don't bother me, I give the pigs a couple of G's
Shiiit, I hustle stronger pushin' this work through the streets
I'm tryin' to deal with every nigga, Settle birds up cheap
I'm greedy
Yes I see this money bein' made from drugs, I need it
Twenty wrists tweeds completed
You can't beat it
Whatever you want, Holla at me when you need to get it
Does anybody else?, I pay them a visit
That's when they heard.....


(Chorus 4x)
Come here peeps
I'm hearin that you run the streets
You don't want beef
Then get off the corner


(After Chorus)
Uh-Oh
There go them fuckin' Po-Po's (Uh-Oh)
And if you know like I know (Uh-Oh)
You better get off the corner (Uh-Oh)
Blocka
Me come and tear ya block up
If you don't want no problems
You better get off the corner
Come here peeps
I'm hearin that you run the streets
You don't want beef
Then get off the corner
Come here peeps
I'm hearin' that you run the streets
You don't want beef
Then get off the corner
Uh-Oh
There go them fuckin' Po-Po's (Uh-Oh)
And if you know like I know (Uh-Oh)
You better get off the corner (Uh-Oh)
Blocka
Me come and tear ya block up
If you don't want no problems
You better get off the corner
Come here peeps
I'm hearin that you run the streets
You don't want beef
Then get off the corner
Come here peeps
I'm hearin' that you run the streets
You don't want beef
Then get off the corner


Uh-Oh, You better get off the corner
Blocka, You better get off the corner
Come here peeps, You better get off the corner
Get off the corner, Get off the corner
What, Uh-Oh, Get off the corner
What, Uh-Oh, You better get off the corner
What, Uh-Oh, You better get off the corner
What, Uh-Oh, You better get off the corner
Check, Get off the corner


Yea, real rap, real rap for ya
Lighters up, lets get 'em


Thooouugh, though I'm missin you (straight to the head man)
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible (yea)
Gooonnee... I know you gon live on (cry momma, ya momma)
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya


Stay strong, be tough, that's what the preacher tell ya
He never really felt ya, so he can't even help ya
Need a shoulder to lean on, somebody to cry to
It's like everything's gone, but I'm a survivor
Standin on stage in front of thousands
Don't amount to me not havin my father
That's real talk, I know a lot of y'all got 'em
But you need 'em way more when you gotta go without 'em
And I'm without 'em, but that's life y'all
Sometimes you gotta learn to swim with no lifeguard
I'm alright God, shit I'm still breathin
But lose hurt like bullets, I'm about to start bleedin
Throw me down some comfort, cause my heart need it
Tryin to cope wit my chances and meet 'em
There's a dark road ahead, but I'm tryin to take it easy
Rest in peace Lil Beezy, my nigga


Thooouugh, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gooonnee... I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
(I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over)


Smoke cush all day and pop painkillers
Fuck who don't understand it, this what the game did us
This what the streets showed us
This how the block made us, the same block where they layed 'em
I pray every time I cross the spot on the pavement, save me
Lord will I be next for the taking? Take me
I know I'm livin like I know when I'm comin
But I'm just livin cause I know that it's comin
And the end is comin, but I ain't runnin
I and hidin and duckin, I'm in the middle of a war, I'm alive and love it
I'm just speakin from the heart of the diein public
We still beatin, we gon rise above it
Though it seem like they cheatin and we loosin
We survive if nothin, they could never take the stride from strugglin
I gotta ride
And sometimes that ride get bloody
But I just think about my buddy and go after that money, but uhh..


Ohhh, we gotta get over, we gotta get over, gotta get over
It's almost over, and we gon be alright
(I gotta get over, I gotta get over, cause bitch I'm a soldier)


Straight Patrone out the bottle to the head now
We gettin read now, bitch my nigga dead now
And all the things I never said, I gotta say it now
I shoulda said it then, now I gotta talk to clouds
Now I gotta walk around, brim down
Just tryin to find my way to the next day, escape
Ya birthday could be ya death date
So I'm livin like it was just yesterday, let's pray
Ten fingers together, can't bring 'em together
It's murda murda, I don't think it get better
So be a competitor or get out the weather
Me? I got a umbrella and a berretta
I'm just tryin to make sure my daughter future progressin
And behind that, I'm shootin excessive, trust me
The beautiful dead, we livin wit the ugly
I just tell my pops wait for me, I'm comin


Thooouugh, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gooonnee... I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
(I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over)


(I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over
Can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over) [in background over and over while talking]


They ask me why I wear shades at nighttime... Cause I don't wanna see nothin! Yea..
Like I said, life ain't nuttin but a long extended road, keep drivin
I done passed up plenty people up on the side of road, no help, keep goin
Yea... Lost a lot of passengers on the ride, kept goin... Yep...
Who knows when I'll run outta gas. Yea..


09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked


Uh.
I'm rollin, all my niggas rollin,
Keep that fuckin red bandana, Hulk Hogan
I'm cuttin up like scissors
Comin down hard like blizzards
I'm getting head while giving head that's a head on collision
I'm on a pain pill
I keep this shit trill
These niggas ain't forreal, Like a fire drill
Your hoe on my back, like a fuckin 5th wheel
That bitch make her pussy open and close like fish gills
I put all my niggas on, but some of them niggas gone
Them niggas callin my phone, leave me alone
I'm lightin up that strong, then pass it to my bro
Numbers don't lie, except 5-0
Different color Trukfit shirts
You niggas pull down your skirts
If I die of these purp, put a bad bitch in my hearse
My hoes lift up they shirts, I'm high as Captain Kirk
If we run out of work, we Rob like Burke.
Ugh


09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked


Corlay rip him, Darnell rip him
If you disrespect them, then you gone meet them
My niggas rollin for for features; that bitch going, she a eater
She was a good girl, I turned her to a eater
Hit squad?, yea nigga
. 30 clip and them hollow tips make him do the running man
Glock 40 I'm tuckin it; I'm rolling with my hitters
I'll send my hitters out to go get you
Hella bands, hella bands, hit the club throwing hella bands
Heavy load, throwing hella bands, in the club doing the money dance
Hella bands, hella bands, hit the club throwing hella bands
Heavy load, throwing hella bands, in the club doing the money dance
Niggas talking shit in the club, he better watch his self
Melly got the. 30 on his hip, he gone need some help
I'm a gangster, nigga, and I could do this shit my fucking self
Pistol hit his melon; it ain't gone be nothing left


09, we tote; my niggas ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked


Runnin around with my gangstas, Runnin up in these yellow hoes
Everybody wanna fuck my bitch, her pussy lips like heaven doors
It's pussy, money, and kush,
Skateboards and shrooms
These niggas think they the shit,
These niggas perfume
Hollygrove, so Hollygrove, all I know is Hollygrove
I'm sick with it, I've been diagnosed
We don't cut the coke, that's diet coke
These niggas broke, I'm paid in full
Blood gang, Red Bull
My tounge is like a surf board, and her pussy is like a wave pool
Tunechi!




Yeah, We on cloud 20 that's High (high)(high) Weezy F baby and the squad followin'the boy
Lexus, Benz, Impala's wit' the top down drivin' careless swurvin' through from left to right and I'm dress so supa tight Baby girl shake it like beyonce I dun' forgot about beyonce blowing smoke up in da' air Table dances by my chair Get something now
I'm hot from New Orleans Weezy F Baby way above ballin' stay above yall and I got da A and da K if yall want it I'm making way for my homies bet not sleep stay awake for the mornin' it's young carter come and get it order oops... Hotter you six feet in the six I'm snuffed in the bently oooh.. Shawty stop playin' wit' me I'm da heart of the sq mobbers mobbin' wit my black madonna get my back momma got that Mac persona I'm a P. I. M. P I'm the uncrowned K. I. N. G I'm from uptown never tempt me cuz it's life in the battle ill leave my desert empty ohh.. Ohh bezzle yellow is pee Yeah... Ain't a fella hotter than me ain't another better than me ooh..
Hole in the door fa' show ya boy rollin' I'm cold wit' da' flow no boast but yall boring Hole in my coast by myself never bowling Throwing the squad up lettin' em know what whizzle F toatin' floating notice the stroke in my motion Strollin' Toe and a poe and a smoke got me loaded put a purple ocean in my soda make potion pull a rover over by some hoes in magnolias roll ya body like a snake slow for all my boya'z whistle hotter than ya hottest gat but so poised bodies flying in the air while I whip the harley I'm hardly seeing you playa you can't see me I'm a gangsta I supposed to be on tv Really and the rose gold bezzle show clearly V where you at you gotta feel me Daddy


Biotch, Biotch


(Get that dough)
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, C'mon
(Get that dough)
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro
(Get that dough)
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, Wooo
(Get that dough)
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro


I pull up slow, chrome flashin
Lil daddy in a long Cabbi
Big hat pimp strong daddy
Got my hoes on my arm daddy
Ain't that amazing, specially when I'm blazin that dro
Earthly green, purple weed, purple V,
With purple seats, murck the streets
And I see ya in that Gucci skirt ya sweet
But later on I wanna hurt ya so holla back hoe
I know ya will, get ya ass over here
And take off my polar bear
I'm the coldest player of most my age
Quote my age, 19 but my money's much old
And shorty got crazy paper
Cash Money's my army, my navy paper
Understand, Weezy is made of paper
I got "Baby" paper




Floss our bitch, or get tossed out
Stunna time criss-crossed out
Birdman the bad bitches bossed out
So fly nigga we don't walk out
Time to get Nina Rossed out
I'ma let the heat speak, see I'm talked out
What's the muthafuckin talk bout
Get you niggaz chalked out
Chi-town and Birdman show you what that fuckin hawk bout


You can shine like stunna (Papi it's all gravy)
I bought the Rover for me and bought the Benz for my ladies
See I, wipe ya down, I shine ya up
And put the rims on the whip then diamonded up
It's the m-uh-m-uh-man, that I hustle for grams
Me, Ta', and Cris' with a blunt in my hand
See I come through shinin, known big tymin
Red Caddi truck, nigga I'm grindin




I come Harley D, black bike all chrome
Your queen is home, daddy tell 'em where they went from


See I'ma slide on through, then I stash the loot
Who washed the coupe, ma look I know what to do


Got the suit you to wear some pumps on
Matchin the car, matchin my bra, shit nigga pimpin is hard


I jock that, so wipe a nigga down
Let's dribble on a hoe, bitch time to go


The Caddi do me pop, the coupe is hot
The groupies flock, and case me out my Gucci socks
Yeah, we get that dough, Tatee' watch me drop these
You got me, can I get the car keys


See I wipe a bitch down, then dribble on a hoe
And I touch her from her head, from her waist, to her toes
Pop up in the Lexus with the mink on the floor
Rocked out Nexus 2K bird hoe, Wooo!




I know some niggaz that'll merk ya for a quarter birdy
You bitch ass niggaz just be lucky that the boy ain't hurtin'
I got the money to lag and I got that swagger workin'
I'm smokin' somethin' I can't pronounce behind them Phantom curtains
What is you holl'in' bitch I'm on some gangsta shit
She wanna make me dinner I tell her make me rich
You fuckin' wit' a winner but I come from a little
Hoe but bet I can take that dirt and turn that shit glitter
I leave the work wit' her yeah she my baby sitter
And if I find out she stealin' for realer I'ma kill her
I'm just a money maaan so where the dollars at
?? Beat that until them flowers black
She wanna ride on this I make her ride wit' that
Her pistol in the ceilin' that's her survival pack
And do I love her nawww man I just love her spirit
Blind deaf or crazy it's money over bitches


Now everybody that I know get that money baby
And we ain't worryin' 'bout them hoes get that money baby
You get that cooked or that blow you done called a baller
If you ain't talkin' 'bout that dough homie what'cha talkin'


So get'cha game up take a bitch break a bitch
Strap her down wit' work and tell her don't trip take a trip
Get'cha hustle up the money's what you make of it
These niggaz want it cooked and I done closed down the bakery
So stop stuntin' homie false promotin'
It ain't about what'cha makin' it's about what ya totin'
Burn him up leave him naked bring him back to his wife
The bitch ain't even cry 'cause he was livin' that life
These niggaz think I'm slippin' 'cause I'm fallin' back
Bitch I got money in the walls for that
Young'n get it from the ground homie hold the hood down and
Don't make a sound if them people swing around this bitch
Do ya thang whoa' hustle try to stay low
This is for my old school G's who ain't around this bitch
But shawty they ain't fuckin' wit' pops
Let them niggaz chase that pussy we gon' follow that guap... Yeah




Fifty stacks in the garden in the backyard
Money talkin' turn a key into a crack charge
Y'all niggaz ain't eatin' how we eatin' B
Fuck how we used to be now we how we need to be
If they ain't wit' us they must be against us
We shoot 'em in the head 'cause they act like they senseless
If you ain't gettin' bread nigga keep yo' distance
We sharks over here nigga keep on fishin'


Money money money is my intuition
Money over bitches such an easy decision
Young Money money men monster militia
Hardbody these niggaz boxes of tissue
That nina will kiss ya that chopper will twist ya
Them. 380 snapshots now smile for the pictures
Weezy motherfuckin' Baby pay me
My 9-to-5 is overrated I'm on that grind hoe




Yeah
We gon go old school
Ya know what I'm sayin
If you from where I'm from
Ya know what I'm talkin bout
The way we do this here
This is a cash money classic
And I feel couldn't nobody do it the way ima do it
Ya know what I'm sayin
So, here we go world, I'm bringin it to your world from my world
Ya know what I'm talkin bout look I say


Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it
Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it


In one you trust, the neighborhood is us


And everything that I ride is 22s and up
And everytime that I slide, you know I'm platinum plus
Make the hood understand that we trying to come up
24s on trucks, just the neighborhood lust
Tell Lil' One be cool everybody coming up
Cause everybody wanna ride, everybody wanna shine
So how ya love that people? Everybody on the grind
And these projects cuts ya, ya hood rich livin lavish
Those 14s, you know we had to have it
Once upon a time it was nothing but magic
Hustling right in front of my mama, Ms. Gladys
Chasin paper paper chasin, look that's all we know
Comin through the neighborhood on them 24s
Bet a thousand, shoot a thousand, nigga up it some more
Fast money, Cash Money, that's all I know One


Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it
Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it


They say I walk around like I got an S on my chest
That be that Cash Money Piece, flow rest in the deck
I'ma specially set, No testin the best
Be in class, no pencil, no test on the desk
I'll make ya mouthpiece so beast like Delereese
I'm from the south streets of beast like Lil' Weez
E, F baby for the team I rep daily
I come to the defense like Champ Bailey, I'm gone wit it
A chrome kitted, A foam pit in the back of it
Phony tittie bitches come home with me, get the business
I made bling bling, I'm like a lighthouse
So shut that ice in cause he ain't iced out
Pay attention closely, You niggaz can never roast me
Cause the maker of the testa rossa knows me
Oh he's so arrogant, the cocky kind
But you always looking cause I'ma shine, that's right


Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it
Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it


Loud mics and big rims, nigga that's my life
Come through the neighborhood with my homeboy price
Lets get it understood, nigga that's my price
Come through the neck of the woods, you gonna be a-ight
Cause I'm pimpin, I'm pimpin pimpin, I'm comin thru
And I'm dippin, I'm dippin dippin, them 22s
And they spinnin, they spinnin spinnin, them sprewells nigga
Them sprewells nigga, we makin mail nigga
Don't need no introduction in this
I can grind in every ghetto, trying to stay hood rich
You can ask a nigga bout me, you know I'm bout my shit
I was made by guerillas, raised the hot boy click
Cause I'm the birdman and I'll do you something bad
You heard man that I been slangin them slacks
That's my word man, I won't stunt nigga
I won't stunt nigga, I'm gonna stunt nigga, One


Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it
Get your shine on {*3X*}
So nigga stop hatin'
Get your shine on {*3X*}
You know we gonna make it


I gotta little bitch I call hot mouth chelly
She pop them extasies and get that cotton mouth heavy.
I give her a bottle of water bitch break out sweatin,
And then she get straight to that head like a fuck exsedrin.
I'm a fly ass nigga take a look at me bitch
Now go and tell the cops I gotta crook in my dick!
Straight gutter bitch, open like a hook in the fish.
I gotta lady from paris that french kiss my shit.
Why you think I gotta tent my whips?
Cause I be gettin some head, right in my shit.
You say you love that woman, but that been my bitch!
And if you kiss that woman, than you suck my dick!
These hoes is nasty, y'all niggas is trippin.
I gotta bitch with her mouth like that boy Ken Griffey.
When I'm out in the streets better believe I'm pimpin;
And if you ever saw me with one of them video vixens.


(Gangsta Weezie!) I was gettin some head... (Get gettin' some head)
Super head what's good? Super head what's good? I with the kinda girl that
Make ya toes fry
I was gettin some head (Get gettin' some head)
I was gettin' some head (Get gettin' some head)
I was with that kinda girl, that make ya toes fry.


Y'all know me I smoke a blunt while I'm gettin' brain.
Stick my finger in her but while brain, yeah I'm nasty bitch! What? Lil'
Wayne!
I liked dem maked up lips and two toungue rings.
I gotta say it; I'm the president I run things.
All these hoes tryna save a nigga crumb stains.
Real talk; I get head I get head on the airplane. Bitch be climbin' all
Over that little chair game.
I pull her hair back, she holla yeah back.
I like a bitch wit some lips like a bed trap, and I don' mind goin down I
Take care of that.
I have homie at home like where she at?
She wit me; in my bad ass ride. Givin' me a blow job like a 9-5.
She said she eat her vegetables so she stay alive.
So she slobbed on my knob, like corn on the cob


Fuck pusha t and anybody that love him
His head up his ass, I'mma have to head-butt him
Gut him, lil tunechi shit, weak stomach
It's me, lt, like when you heat butter
Old pussy in a can, red is the flag
Fuck with me wrong I'll put your head in your hands
There'd be blood everywhere, I got bloods everywhere
I'mma alien, I hope you ain't the prince of bel air
That's real nigga talk, these niggas speechless
Cut off his arm and leg like I charge for my features
Hammer on my side like I work in construction
Your bitch hit that head so hard we get concussions
Niggas can't see me, not even a glimpse
Too many banana clips, I feel like chimps
South beach bitch and I tan line stupid
You could find me on collins like bootsy
I ain't on no fuck shit, I be on that truk fit
Your girl do tongue tricks and you sweeter than one six
All I ever see is ben franklin face
I chase the bank, I don't bank with chase
You fuckin' with some niggas that'll murk y'all
Nigga you softer than a motherfuckin' nerf ball
Bird call, brr, what happened to that boy?
He was talkin' shit, we put a clap into that boy
Tunechi!


Uhh, she got that good good,
She Michael Jackson Bad,
I'm attracted to her,
With her attractive ass,
You get her the matching bags,
I get her to pack them bags,
Get straight in that taxi cab,
Come straight to my bachelor pad,
I hate to see her go,
But I love to watch her leave,
I keep her comin' back,
Like she forgot her keys,
And now we're murderers,
Because we kill time,
She saw doctor carter and now she feel fine,


I like the way you walking if you walking my way,
I'm that red bull now lets fly away,
Lets buy a place,
With all kinds of space,
I'll let you be the judge,
And and I'm the case,
I'm gudda gudda,
I putta other,
I see me with her
No stevie wonder,
She don't even wonder,
Cos she know she bad,
And I got her n-gga, grocery bags,


Look, look at you (at you)
Bad, yes you are,
She roll with us,
Look at how she walks,
I like the way you talk,
Damn you know it, damn you know it,
And she know it and she know it,
Your so, You know,
Your so, you know,


Ok I get it, let me think,
I guess it's my turn,
Maybe it's time to put this p-ssy on your sideburns,
You say I'm bad, you probably right,
He pressing me like button downs on a friday night,
I'm so pretty like, be on my pedal bike,
Be on my low scrunch,
Be on my egg and whites,
You say Nicki don't stop you the bestest,
And I just be coming off the top asbestos,


I love your sushi roll,
Hotter than Wasabi,
I race for your love,
Shake and bake ricky bobby,
I'm at the W but I can't meet you at the lobby,
Girl I gotta watch my back cos I'm not just anybody,
I see em stand in line just to get beside her,
I let her see the Aston, and let the rest surprise her,
Cos when we disappear, you need gps to find her,
Oh that was you girl,
I thought I recognised her,




She like tanning,
I like staying in,
She like romancing,
I like rollin with friends,
She said I'm caged in,
I think her conscious is,
She watching them dat oxygen,
I'm watching espn,
But when the shows ends she all in my skin,
Lotions, no emotions, rollarcoasting like back forth,
Hold it (hold it, hold it, hold it)
She pose like it's for posters,
And I poke like I'm supposed to,
Take this photo if you for me,
Don't you ever show this,
I'm too loyal, and too focused
To be losing and be hopeless,
When I spoke this she rejoiced it,
Tell your words, get me open,
So I closed it, where your clothes is?
I'm only lovin for the moment.


She aint got a man, but she is not alone,
Miss Independent, yeah she got her own,
Hey gorgeous uh I mean flawless,
Well that's what you are, how I see it,
Is how I call it, yeh
Look at how she walk,
Who knew she know she bad
Do your thing baby, I aint even mad,
And I aint leaving fast,
Imma stay a while,
Hold your head chris,
Imma take it down


Weezy Weezy Weezy Weezy Weezy... Weezy F Baby beach bum swagga
Pull up on the beach met a b-tch named Sandra
Talk that sh-t get her to my sand castle
Take her off your 2 piece leave on your sandals
Told her I'm a beast she said Si she speak Spanish
Tan butt naked make the panty line vanish
The sun fell down and burned me on my crown
And now my head smokin like the heat in Miami
South beach killa she feelin me I feel her


She say she got a man but I'm realer, I steal her
Thief on the beach there's freaks on the beach
We do it on the beach and let the water touch our feet
That's s** on the beach whatcha know about it
Girls on girls I build a girl mountain
It's young money yee ain't gotta count it
Girls on girls n-gga I'm surrounded


Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us (no)
Now go down girl, give head, go down
Go down girl, give head, go down
Now go down, girl, give head, go down
Go down girl give head


Now, momma's a hoe met her at a video with her face ready to go waiting for cameo
She say, I can tell you hustle, I can smell the coke
The money, you got a lot, I can smell the dough
I told her, keep her nose outta business of grown folks
She been to New Orleans twice never been through the?
Now her pocketbook nice, and her dress coal
But her teeth pearly white and her lips was swole
She bad, have you seen her?
My nigga said I might aswell marry a diva, like Trina, I pleased her, she please me the same, hey
What's the beauty without the brain?


Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head


Right on the club, right in the club, shorty popped an x and gave me head right in the club
To be honest, I don't think we gonna go to my truck cause her cousin's with her and she looking better than her
Yeah, she's fat in the ass, slim in the waist, kinda pretty and she down to take the shit in the face
Licking all on her lips, cause she love how I taste
It's dripping on her chin, hope it don't fall on my?
Yeah, I'm glad I found ya, can't wait to bring Wayne and Mack Maine around ya
Gave me head in the pool and I damn near drowned her


Before I'd kiss that hoe, I'd rather kiss a perahna


Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head


Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us,
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us


Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head


All my little divas, pay attention, just listen
If we ain't in Paris, then we ain't French kissin'
I'm tryna feel your tounge, I'm just tryna be the one
Give it to ya from the back and make you cough up a lung
Or give a little brain and cough up a sun
I bust two times and then I toss up a one
Now shake it baby, it took your momma 9 months to make you baby
Enter the bedroom, we won't make a baby
Get your kneee pads on, no skating baby
So get your aprons baby,
She said, I think it's a boy, she ate the baby


Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head,


Woo, this that shit they didnt want me on
Im bout to act a badonkadonk, shamone, shamone
Don't need sugar, I need cream, I'm dark and strong
The garbage man puttin' on cologne around my room
I'm on, I'm on, this that shit they didn't want
I act a ass and shit a skunk, I will, I won't
Black your eye like will.i.am, you Willy Wonka
That's me in the Lam, I'm disappearin' like Jimmy Hoffa
AK-47 my business partner, business is swell
French kiss a bitch, she don't speak French, can't kiss and tell
I push his ass in the wishin' well, then wish him well
Sippin' syrup like ginger ale, but I'm the quickest snail
From here to Hell, I hear them hail, I give them hell
I'm spittin' hail, I'm Clinton, well, I did inhale
These niggas frail, they Chip and Dale, they little girls
Watch me act a donkey, then pin a tail, spit out your nails
Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I'm the holy shit, I'm God's manure
I know how to hack a jeweller ward and not computers
I meditate like a Buddhist, Holy ramen noodles
And now you sleep, I'm inside your room wit' a lot of shooters
You wake up to this chopper tool, it's like, 'Cock-a-doodle'
I'm awkward, cuckoo, I turn your Froot Loop to chocolate Yoo-Hoo
I'm hotter than Honolulu, glory unto you, glory


I'm awkward, cuckoo, I turn your Froot Loop to chocolate Yoo-Hoo
I'm hotter than Honolulu, my clothes and socks and shoes new
I been a boo-boo since ga-ga goo-goo and Dada, FUBU
Make everybody that knew you boo-boo, I got them spooked too
I drive a neutral, shock the future like Dr. Luther
I'm not accuser, your mom a cougar, I sock it to her
My cocaine white as a white beluga, I like bazookas
I'm high as lunar, I'm wilder than Tyga's Nikes, Pumas
Woo, this that shit you didn't want me on
My weed louder than underarms and car alarms
Cheers, I said, 'Surprise', but couldn't party long
I got to get back to the grind and the drawin' board
But all this fuckin' art destroyed, this the art of war
These niggas' soft as teddy bears, talk to Marky Mark
I wet your block, leave it a waterpark, broad or dark
I whip the work like tartar sauce, you want it hard or raw, huh?


Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I'm the shit, Porta-Potty Tunechi
Unload the Glock profusely, I'm soarin' out confusion
Your motor mouth keep vroomin', I'm goin' Tony Stewart
I'm on the fluid, I'm ruined, I'm cold as Boston Bruins
Lost in the shoo-shoo and who's who and I lost influence
Lost my point of view 'til I find a mirror, start talkin' to it
It told me the truth, it said I'm the shit and you party poopin'
Lord, oh, Lord


Am I talkin' crazy, too much coffee maybe
I smell like money, I know broke niggas feel nauseated
The broads' elated, my boys are faded, my car's the latest
My bars the greatest, they rated X like Marvel made it
She caught the babies, she barfed the babies, they orphans maybe
We got that white girl like in the '80s, that Marcia Brady
I dicked Tracy like Warren Beatty, I'm warm as Haiti
I'm armed and lazy, I'm sprayin' until my arms is lazy
Pardon my mental, I'm higher than Continental
Went from flyin' cockroaches to flyin' without credentials
That's private, tell the pilot, 'Be quiet, we need our privacy'
Throw you off this bitch if you wired, justifiably
Hustle wit' a motive, you know this, I'm wit' my whoadies
No snakes, no rodents, no ad-libs, no chorus
No stress, no worries, took you to a respiratory
It's self-explanatory, the glory is mandatory, glory


Uh, glory, hallelujah
Holy shit, I can't hold this shit, my bowel's looser
My towel's newer, my powder room is for powder-users
You see rolled up dollar bills filled wit' snot and mucus
My tie is Lucas, my driver's crusin', my partner's ruthless
My flower's rootless, my pocket's roofless, she poppin' roofies
I'm not a student, I'm not assumin' I'm not a human
You are not immune to this kind of music, you got 'em, Tunechi
You got 'em, Tunechi, I got 'em


Yea, yea, yea
Grown ups in my ladies and mybeautiful girl
Right about now it's yo boy, ya heard,


Go dj, that's my dj
Go dj, that's my dj
Go dj, that's my dj
Go dj, yea
Wit Weezy We, step up to the mic dude do watcha do, ya heard


Ladies and gentlemen, what you have here is brought to you
Courtesy of the young man young Carter and the great man Mannie Fresh
So what I want yall out there to do for me is say this


Say go dj, 'cause that's my dj
Say go dj, 'cause that's my dj
Say go dj, 'cause that's my dj
Say go dj, 'cause that's my 'cause that's my


Murder 101, the hottest nigga under the sun
I come from under the tummy, bustin a tommy
Or come from under your garments, yo chest and your arm hit
Pow, one to the head now you know he dead
Now you know I play it, like a pro in the game
Naw better yet a veteran a hall of fame
I got that medicine, I'm better than all the names
Ay it's Cash Money Records man a lawless gang
Put some water on the track, Fresh for all his flame
Wear a helmet when you bang it man and guard yo brain
'cause the flow is spasmatic what they call insane
That aint even a muthafuckin aim I get dough boy
And you already know that pimpin
18 how I'm livin young'n show that Bentley
Stunna my Pa so you know that's in me
Gotti my mentor so don't go there wit me




And I move like the Coupe thru traffic
Rush hour gt Bent' roof is absent
Ya bitch present wit the music blastin
And she keep askin how it shoot if it's plastic
I tell her you see if ya boy run up, she said back in cause the Carter back up
Up, oh fa sho
Ay Big Mike they betta step they authority up
Before they step to a sergeant's son, I got army guns
You niggas never harmin young, fly wizzy my opponents done, I'm done talking
And I aint just begun, I been runnin my city like Diddy ya chump
I fly by ya in a foreign whip, on the throttle wit a model bony bitch
Pair of phony tits, her hair is long and shit, to her thong and shit
Well here we go so hold on to this, uh lets go


Hold on let me hit the blunt
So go, so go
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is the Carter




Birdman put them niggas in a trash can
Leave em outside of your door I'm your trash man
I'm steady lightin up the hash and ridin in my jag
You will need a gas mask man
You snakes, stop hidin in the grass
Sooner or later I'll cut it knock the blades in yo ass
You homo niggas getting Aids in the ass
While the homie here tryna get paid in advance
I'm stayin on my grizzy I'ma bonafide hustler
Play me or play wit me then I'm goin find your mother
Niggas wanna eat 'cause they aint ate nothin
But niggas wanna leave when you say you out of mustard
So I'ma walk into the restaurant alone, leavin out
Leavin behind just residue and bones
In your residents with Rugers to your dome
Like where the fuck you holdin the coke, holdin your throat, choke


This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
This is the Carter




Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go


It's H-B Weezy Wee off the streets
Stay deep 'Cedes Jeep big feet
Gazer seats hold the bare floors
I faithfully hold to pimp whores
You ate with me and you gon get yours
This eight with me that's bullets through doors
Got haze in me now I'm so tall
Come blaze with me cuz Beaky got more
And now or later I'm major player
I ball right I need an agent player
Ay ma you tight you need to page a player
That's so tonight you can taste a player
I got the burner on the waist if you flinching
My shit turning on 28-inches
My shit burning like 500 plus
And this album's a three permer and a clutch


24/7 (Yes, sir)
I go hard (Go hard, go hard, go hard)
Not here


I claim squad game till no more Wayne remain
Bang my thing till no more lane remain
Use the left lane man cook up the cocaine
Dudes a lil game and get her to do brain
That boy Weezy is a bad mother-feezy
Me and Young Jazze at the back of one tweezy
I'm so breezy off the Velvie and the perk
Now I'm getting head on the balcony on Bourbon
Apple and Eagle is the street that I shop
The Birdman my daddy and we fly south
And we don't go to work man we get work out
And the bricks may go as low as ten up in the drought
Niggaz is selling and you should be buying
Niggaz is telling and you should be dying
Niggaz is yelling Cash Money till they kill me
C-M-B, I know you gotta feel me




You know if I'm doing it I'm probably doing it for the block
I'm out here bitch I got this here on lock
Come out here bitch I bet this here gon pop
I got ya slick this my year don't knock
Speakers from the front to the rear gon rock
Wood-grain handles to steer it's all hot
I never drove factory and I don't own stock
I drop that bitch on chrome chops, yeah




Uh, my minds filled with mine fields
The ashes fall, the wine spills
The world stops, drops and rolls
Its Judgment Day or a fire drill
Yea, I pour out my heart, have a drink
They say the drunk never lie, they aint never lyin yea
My country tis of thee,
Sweet land of kill em all and let em die


God bless Amerika
This ole' godless Amerika
I heard tomorrow aint promised today
The end of time is like a hour away


Damn, military minded, lost and cant find it
The stars on the flag are never shining
Uh, I saw a butterfly in hell today
Will I die or go to jail today?
Cause I live by the sword and die by the sword
Heard police was looking for me, Imma hide by abroad
Shootin stars in my pocket, bitch sit on my rocket
Im wired off a socket, but still shocking
Everybody wanna tell me what I need
You can play a role in my life but not the lead
If theres food for thought then Im guilty of greed
Mama said take what you want  I took heed yea
Now let it breathe, yea, back to life, back to reality
Been eating my girl and shes so sweet, got cavities
Granted we do it for vanity not humanity
But whats appealing to me is under banana trees, love
I go so hard, I tried to pay homage but I was overcharged
Aint that a bitch? Im just a nut tryna bust a nut in the nut shell
Used to say fuck the police, now I say fuck jail
Same shit, different air freshner
I dont play boy, I aint Hugh Hefner
Tryna be a step ahead, but a few feet behind
Two fingers to my head, pop! Peace of mind
I be in the cloud, cloud number 9
And I just fucked the clock and let it come to time
Its a cold world, I put on a mink
Theres a chain of commands, Im the missing link


God bless Amerika
This ole' godless Amerika
I heard tomorrow aint promised today
And Im smoking on them flowers, catch the bouquet


Here we live by the sword and die by the sword
The police are looking for me, Imma hide by abroad
Shootin stars in my pocket, bitch sit on my rocket
Im wired off a socket, but still shockin em
Everybody wanna tell me what I need
You can play a role in my life but not the lead
I saw a butterfly in hell today
Will I die or go to jail today?


Sound like my mic is right
Ugh,
I am not a human
Shout to all my moon men
Yeah they call me tune
Got them b-tches tuned in
It's a crazy world so I stay in mine
And n-ggas don't cross the line
N-ggas stay in line
Like welfare I stay elsewhere
Hotter than a devil, n-gga hell yeah
Roc-a-bye baby, homocide baby
That's more tear drops call me cry baby
What you talkin' bout tell it to my nine
Cut your tongue out, mail it to your moms
I'm a young God, swagga un-flawed
B-tch I'm in the building, you in the front yard
Lifes a b-tch yeah, better yet a dumb broad
And I bet I can f-ck the World and make it c** hard
Yeah you boys is washed up
And I'm sh-ttin on em like two girls and one cup
Weezy baby aka bring the money home
Pull out the ak and pop ya in ya funny bone
Laugh now die later muthaf-cker
You's a b-tch like zeta phi beta muthaf-cker


Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
P-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea
P-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
P-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea
P-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea


Man I'm so tired of ballin I sleep a lot now
I'll let my goons rush ya like Moscow
Gun at ya eyebrow pow pow
Man I ball hard even with 5 fouls
Yeah we in this b-tch like tampon's
Dump ya in the woods now get ya camp on
Choke hold around this sh-t cause I'm so hands on
I get high as f-ck and Polo sheets is what I lands on
Back against the wall my two feet is what I stand on
Diva in the room she blowin me just like a band horn


Got her on her knees the same knees that she be prayin' on
Now she just text her girlfriend with a capital, You can join
Yeah, what y'all wanna do I'm all ears
Smoking on that head band call that sh-t Paul Pearce
I'm just so ahead of my time like dog years
Ball like Solange, India Arie, Britney Spears




I aaaaaam, spending much more than I'm making on these cars and these vacations
Is that too much information?
I just bought a Lambourghini, I'm not even into racing
With a windshield full of tickets cuz I live right by the station
I aaaaam, tryna figure out why you so mad at me
Yes I'm with Young Money tell the magazine stop asking me
I be with the dread with the tattoo's on his head
And a flag the colour red like a f-cking low battery (ok)
N-gga peep the sh-t I'm wylin' on
I be with your baby momma you be with your child at home
Big Mo, Big Red, two cups made of styrofoam
Big cheese big bread call that sh-t a calzone
I will break your f-cking collar bone
Us agianst the World better pick which side you on
Wayne got a Bugatti that he steady putting mileage on
And we about to kill em C4 Mr Carters home.


Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
We some asshole n-ggas call us diarrhea
The money keep growing yep
It's gorwing like a chea
Yeah, I call it how I see it
Y'all some p-ssy ass n-ggas we should call ya gonorrhea
Uh, you keep tlakin' that sh-t I'mma see ya
Kill ya senorita and and f-ck ya mama mia!


Okay, I'm talkin' about a
Good girl, gone bad
Crooked world, wrong path
Right Mom, wrong Dad
I sing this song mad, but not mad enough to shoot you
But it just eats me up, like some bbq from Luther's
In the mornin' with the roosters
On the corner with the boosters
And she's the freshcut and they're on her like sutures
And I wanna talk to her
But her Mama has to school her
I wanna see her better
She's the weather of my future
I don't wanna see another hurricane
Baby you can kill the pain
If you just let me explain
Trust me I know what I'm sayin'
You will end up on the track of an oncoming train
Stuck in the passenger seat
Travlin' through the fast lane


Well once upon a time, there was a Mom and a Dad
Who on the outside had everything people wished they had
A beautiful daughter, two story house, two car garage
And a white picket fence wrapped around the front yard
See Daddy was a doctor
And Mommy was a banker
Mommy's job got outsourced
So now Mommy's dranker
Daddy had a malpractice suit
Now he's a snorter
And all this shit's takin' place
Right in front of their daughter
She says, "Daddy what's wrong?"
But he's just too high
"Mommy what we gon' do?"
She just get drunk and cry
Caught in the middle of two wrongs, tryin' to do right
Lookin' for answers alone in the darkness of night
Shit anit right...                                                                           Lil girl gone some where out there stranded can't nobody find her and they don't understand it she was raise hood can't blame her parents lost in the sauce not the why that they planed it


And I don't walk around lookin for it, you know?, But
Yesterday It Seemed to just wander on till it found me,
The gossip found me
Then why don't you just prove it.
How? You don't know how to prove it?,
Well, what you just do is...


Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop... (Oo)
Stop, hatin' on a nigga
That is a weak emotion
The lady of a nigga
And you could get tipped
Like ya waitin on a nigga, and
Put a body bag and an apron on tha nigga


I give my all behind the mic,
But you could never see, if you sit behind the light
You don't have to pick me... To win the title fight
But I'm gone wear that championship belt soo tight
And if I'm wrong, there is no right
And if I'm wrong, there is no light
I'm tryna be polite, but you niggas in my hair like the nigga on lice
My flow is rare, these other rappers nice,
These other rappers bark,
Some of em' even bite
But I'm much more bright
I give the game sight
So before you dim the light you just might... Might... Wanna


Think it over (think it over) Oo
Think it over (think it over) Baby


Stop... Analyzin' critacizin',
You should realize what I am and start epidamizin'
Confident, got the heart of the biggest lion
Confident like fuck em all get on my dick and ride it
My flow sick, so sick, it's like my shit is dyin'
It rains a lot in my city, cause my citys cryin'
Cause my citys dyin'
But I emerge from all of that, I am a livin pio-neer, sighin'
Fear God, not them
Steer my Robin Coupe through the streets of the boot... And
Soo-woop
And, then I leave a tub in the boot, I leave a blood bath,
Sorry there's a tub in the boot, now where the drugs at?
Like the string of the shoe
No niggas want that dapslyrics
I'm twisted like the string on a boot, where New Orleans at?
I build hip hop solely like a bus pass
So in your possession, I must ask...


Hey, haven't I been good to you? (Think it over)
Tell me, haven't I been sweet to you?


Drag my name through the mud
I come out clean
Cast away stones
I won't even blink
A gun is not a math problem,
I won't even think
Just leave you dead like the meat under my sink
Don't believe in me
Don't believe me
I graduated from hungry,
And made it to greedy
My flow is like pasta
Take it and eat it
But I'm gone need g's if I'm bakin' the zeedy
You niggas want beef?
I want a steak and uh, we be
Lost in Amsterdam or Jamaica where we be
Hard body nigga, takin it easy
All about my paper, bout my paper like Eazy
Why do rappers, lot of rappers, lot of fans, lot of rappers, lot of rappers
Lie like actin, cut the motha fucka down
Cut the jack... Fuck your props
I am hip hop.


And I ain't dead I'm alive [pulse]


I need a Winn-Dixie
Grocery bag full of money
Right now to the vip section (wosh, wosh, wosh)
You got Young Mula
In the house tonight baby
Yeah!!
Yeah!
Young!
Young! (wosh)
Young! (wosh)
Young! (wosh)
Young Mula Baby!


Got money (yeah)
And you know it
Take it out your pocket and show it (then)
Throw it (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way
Gettin' mugged
From everybody you see that
Hang over the wall of the vip
Like (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way


Now I was bouncing through the club
She loved the way Diddy Bop
I see her boyfriend hatin' like a city cop
Now I ain't never been a chicken but my fitted cocked
Say I ain't never been a chicken but my semi cocked
Now where your bar at?
I'm tryna rent it out
And we so bout it bout it
Now what are you about?
Dj show me love
He say my name when the music stop
Young Money Lil Wayne
Then the music drop
I make it snow
I make it flurry
I make it out back tomorrow don't worry
Yeah
Young Wayne on them hoes
A. K. A. Mr. Make It Rain On Them Hoes (Young Money)


Got money (yeah)
And you know it
Take it out your pocket and show it (then)
Throw it (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way
Gettin' mugged
From everybody who see that
Hang over the wall of the vip
Like (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way


(Streets)
Here we go one for the money
Two for the show
Now clap your hands if you got a bank roll
Like some clap on lights in this bitch
I be clapping all night
In this bitch (uhh hun)
Lights off (uhh hun)
Man it's on (uhh hun)
She saw me (uhh hun)
She smiling (yeah)
He muggin'
Who cares, cause my goons are right here
Aye
Its nothin to a big dog
And I'm a Great Dane
I wear eight chains
I mean so much ice
They yell skate Wayne!
She wanna fuck Weezy
But she wanna rape Wayne (uhh hun)


Got money (yeah)
And you know it
Take it out your pocket and show it (then)
Throw it (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way
Gettin' mugged
From everybody who see that
Hang over the wall of the vip
Like..


Okay,
It's Young Wayne on them hoes
A. K. A. Mr. Make It Rain On Them Hoes
Like ehhhh!
Everybody say Mr. Rain man
Can we have a rainy day?
Bring a umbrella
Please bring a umbrella
Ella, ella, ella ehhh!
Bitch ain't shit but a hoe in a trick
Bet you no one ain't trick if you got it
You know we ain't fucking if you not thick
And I cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit
So Rolex watch this
I do it 4 5 6 my click
Clack goes the black four fifth
And just like it I blow that shit
Cause bitch I'm the bomb like
Tick tick
Bitch!!!


Got money (yeah)
And you know it
Take it out your pocket and show it (then)
Throw it (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way
Gettin' mugged
From everybody who see that
Hang over the wall of the vip
Like (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way (fly)
This a way (fly)
Thata way


Yeah
It's Young Wayne on them hoes
A. K. A. Mr. Make It Rain On Them Hoes
Yeah
Young Wayne on them hoes
Make a stripper fall in love
T-Pain on them hoes
Aha!


C5, D-Block, lox


Say the judge or the jury can't spoil this
Nah two thirds of the worlds most loyalest
I'mma shoot em
I'mma pay the bail I'm sure of this
I'mma kill em I'mma get the witness, teach 'em more of this
We never sing not even on a song where the chorus is
Dig the hole, get the wood box bring the florist in
Tell the pastor tell the family we was just warning them
38's 45's, all type of tourists'
About to hit the bong pour the holy water in
Celebrating for participating and the slaughtering
Eating steaks at the same spot they killed Pauly in
Frank White's three in the quarter taping your daughter in
Columbia with the connect putting the order in
Nigga act we gonna clap like we the audience
Make sure you ain't down to strap, get rid of all the prints
Do your homework on whoever you go to war against


I had 20s on my Benz, lend it to all my friends
And everything was all gravy, everything was all gravy
And if I need something call baby, if I need something call baby
And the streets was calling me, but a nigga had call waiting
And yeah we all went through our phases
We all went through our savings
Some niggas stayed on point, some niggas was point shaving
And sometimes we had to be vegetables
That mean we had to stay patient cause they say you are what you eat
I took the Star out of Starvation, bitch
I come from a 3rd world start rapping in the 4th grade
Start trapping in the 6th grade, went platinum in the 10th grade, dropped out a nigga was getting paid
This from Birdman had a Fade,
This when Hummers didn't come Stretch but Birdman had em' made,
This when pretty bitches set you up, and niggas didn't give two fucks
You had two guns and two phones you could waste time and get and get a new cup
But this when niggas had pimp cups, and new rappers got hemped up
And all them niggas that's biting got they Finns cut...
I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like "that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout"


And we gon be around til yo motherfuckin' body rock
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti Got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti Got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti Got


But this when niggas had pimp cups, and dirty money got rinsed up
And the early birds in the worm hole would get so fat that they'd get stuck
We'd clean our fingerprints up, we'd clean the shit we didn't touch, This when niggas called Diddy Puff
Letting Biggie bump while I'm sitting up in that Big Body
I can show you a dead body
Lotta niggas got pinched, and the snitches ended up dead Lobsters
Wrap the birds in red tape call them bitches Red Robins
Pops had Kilos I needed one key I would've made Cops
Free My niggas Down and Rest In peace to all my dead Partners,
I smoke by the pound in like a week, and fuck the weight watchers
Got my self a brand new triple-beam, just the weight options
I stumbled upon a Gold Mine I thank God that it ain't Copper
Some niggas were late bloomers but boy look how they've blossomed
Don't know niggas that wear wires but I know niggas that go Haywire
I know hoes that play possum, and will bring us to y'all mailboxes
And the deadman can't talk and the Feds don't have seances
Look you put a knot on the end of a condom full of drugs and put it in her pussy
And get through Customs cause last time we just took em
I rather be blind before I be the nigga that stand around just lookin'
And you can beat around the bush and find a nigga laying behind them bushes
And I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like "that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout"


And we gon be around til yo motherfuckin' body rock
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti Got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti Got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti Got


C5


What up? I got Nosk in here with me
This ain't a diss song, but uhmm...
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
I put it down, representin' for my team
I'm in green and yellow, Green and yellow
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
Money green, yellow broad
Aaron Rodgers, mvp award
This is Green Bay, bitch we go hard
This is Packer Country, where ya green card?
Terrible towels, that shit's borin'
We got the ball, you know we scorin'
Yeah, and that's how we rockin' heavy metal
I'm up in this bitch wit' more Bloods than a blood vessel
Pitt goin' down, say hello to the devil
Just beat the Bears, now we got the Steelers on the schedule
Yeah, no love for 'em boy, break ya hearts
We gon' toast these n-ggas, pop tarts
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
I put it down, representin' for my team
I'm in green and yellow, Green and yellow
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
Got a call from my homie, this just in
The Packers in the Super Bowl and they better win
They call him Big Ben, but he weak though
We in Dallas, but we Lambeau Leap hoe
Long hair, don't care, Clay Matthews
We shittin' on these fools, no bathroom
Yeah, got a pocket full of big faces
Throw it up, touchdown on Ike Taylor
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
I put it down, representin' for my team
I'm in green and yellow
Green and yellow
Green and yellow
Green and yellow
Uhh, big Gs on the helmet
Steel Curtain? What is that, velvet?
And if we win, I'mma throw a Super Bowl party
And blow a cigar like Vince Lombardi
I'm in Wisconsin, smoking Amsterdam
Yeah I'm from New Orleans, but I been a Packers fan
We knocked the Eagles and the Falcons and the Bears off
Now we 'bout to cut Troy Polamalu hair off
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what it is
I'm a cheesehead, y'all n-ggas Cheez Whiz (Go Pack Go)
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothin'
That Super Bowl ring, that's stuntin'
Pull up in your town, when you see me you know everything
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
Green and yellow, Green and yellow
I put it down, representin' for my team
I'm in green and yellow, Green and yellow
Green and yellow, Green and yellow


Uh, go Pack go
Uh, go Pack go
Uh, we yellin' go Pack go
Yeah, like I said, this ain't a diss song
I just love my team, that's the team with them big Gs on the helmet
You know what it is, Oh yeah, Young Mula baby


When this shit drop, I was like 16
Tryna get some head from a mixed thing
Big dreams, say about some ripped jeans
Nigga got a job, have my little?
Worst fear is getting robbed for my last 50 dollars that I had left over
5 dollars in they pocket, nigga in his left shoulder
Minimum wage 5.15. 132s on the whip
Kept my shit clean
Actually that was my momma shit
But I'm driving round town on my Obama shit
Middle class my ass, just to get a tank of gas
Had to run the guns up the street and pawn the shit
But, yeah I'm headed for a scholarship
Little scrap game but I got a lot of lip
That's why them niggas don't like me and always wanna fight me
A dumb nigga hate a smart mouth most likely
I know the game I'm an expert
Nigga, how you gonna jump me if my legs work?
Nigga I'm gone, showed up at the crib tryna bone
And I aint fuck yet cause her momma always home
God damn, Lor-Lord have Mercy
Please God don't let this little broad have herpes
My nigga says she fast like Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Gold medals if we gave hoes?
No rose petals on a bed in the ghettos
Spiderman sheets got us singing falsetto
Tall white tee's, can't believe we used to wear those
White folks looking at us like we're weirdos
But we was only kiddo's
Grabbing titties in the club, pocket full of skittles
Tryna get the kitty was like tryna solve a riddle
Tryna get the Diddy, cause I murder instrumentals
It's that good old fashioned Mark Jackson
Fucked then I'll pass, y'all Utah Jazz
And ya'll borin', I don't play nigga I'm Mark Madsen
That's why my knots thick like a fucking Kardashian
I'm not asking my nigga I don't need favours
I'm in the streets with the fiends, I done seen danger
My team major, we party like teenagers
I'm in the green Range, nigga I'm the green ranger
(I fucking ran out of breath)
Team major, we party like teenagers
I'm in the green Range, nigga I'm the green ranger
Cole


I don't even like this beat, but fuck it
I'm only gon spit a few bars cause I don't like this beat


Bitch I'm not old news, I'm more like gold shoes
She eat my whole dick, she like Whole Foods
They say I'm old school, but I dropped out
Drop ya body off at a cops house
They throwing up them bricks, you better box out
My niggas got enough white to build Barack house
I got my drawers on, Sam Rothstein
44 on my waist, Rick Ross jeans
I've been faded, stone wash jeans
New pussy new money, New Orleans
50 up in that uzi, g-g-g-unit
I murk you with that bitch scratch the serial number, re-use it
I'm from the N-O, stretch you niggas out like limo's
Uzi go zit-zit-zit-zit-zit, that's pimples
I'm bout to go banana puddin'
Haha, you a dyke cause your man a pussy
Hit you from the blindside no Sandra Bullock
Never bite the hand that feeds you, always watch the hand that's cooking
Tunechi, D4 Hoe
Shout out Cole
You already know what it is, Cole World
Wayne's World
We in this bitch hoe
Special delivery at your front door


Grindin', grindin'
Grindin', grindin'
Grindin', grindin'
Grindin', grindin'


I'm grindin', I'm grindin', I'm grindin' I promise
I fuck her until I get tired, retired and then I come out retirement
My girl like it rough she said find me a diamond about to be grindin'
Lord we be on every kind of narcotic, that make us believe when we lyin', we honest
I love you (we honest, I love you)
Pick, Michael Jackson to Jordan to Tyson to Myers
Too much dirty money when the colors are washing the whites in the dryer my nigga
It ain't rocket science just rockets I sleep in pussy not pajamas, grindin'
I got this shit down to a science, I turn in my project A minus
Whew, I ain't crazy, I'm krazy and all of my niggas chaotic
Dressed in all black like they gothic, music too loud to hear sirens
We pop, pop, pop where you stay, knock, knock, knock, anyone home?
Pop, pop, pop, pop then we outtie, I need a bitch like Naomi
To take off her clothes like Leilani for niggas that's grindin'


Nigga I'm grindin' for all my shit
I'm grindin' for all my shit
Yeah, I'm grindin' for all my shit
I'm grindin' for all my shit
Put time into all this shit
(Perfect timing with all my shit)
I'm grindin' for all my shit
I'm grindin' for all my shit
(I think I got it bitch)
I'm grindin' for all my shit
I'm grindin' for all my shit


The feds be spying on all of us nigga
These hoes be lying to all of us nigga
I got news for the monogamous niggas
Yo bitch fucking anonymous niggas
I done seen it all my nigga
Cause these hoes seeing all of my niggas
Cause what's the hottest shit on these corners
That's me and all my niggas
Grind for all this shit, I ain't ever fall for that bitch
Cause picking up the feather from a lovebird is like a medicine ball to that bitch
We will bring Gucci bag in this bitch and you know its stacks in that bitch
These niggas walk around with they chests out like Janet Jackson and shit
I'm sweatin' grindin' this bitch, I need a shrine in this bitch
Fuck double O seven, I work twenty-four seven, ain't got time to bond with no bitch
Heard Jay-Z got a new Cognac, where to find that shit
The weed sticky, grind that shit, where I got it from? Nevermind that shit




I got a new vision for all my shit, I don't know what to call that shit
I know, I'm selling all of my cars, I'm selling all of my watches, I'm selling diamonds and all of that shit
Realized I don't need that shit, I'm a different breed with this shit
I'm tryna turn M's to B's in this shit and I ain't ever pay to be with no bitch
I, I, I want that Brigitte Bardot hanging over my bed, fifty mill in one room
You could ask anyone out here, who running the game, and they'll tell you the truth
Man, oh look, they fuck with me now, I think they're hearin' me now
Someone said nigga they takin' you seriously now"
I'm like "I think they might just be scared of me now"
But it's all good, niggas wrong every day, niggas wrong every day
Goin' to la where I'm tryna get high and do a song every day
Safe, we ain't ever have to play it safe
I would rather stack it up and put it in a safe
Then peek inside the safe and see I'm runnin' out of space
Mothafucka that's grindin'




Grindin', grindin'
Perfect timing
Grindin', grindin'
Grindin', grindin'
I would rather step it up and put it in the safe then peek inside the safe and say I'm running out of space, believe that
School find another oo-wop
Tell them niggas cool down
Cause it can be a mohafucking shoot-out
Kidnap a nigga beat the truth out
Moms pick the suit out
Top floor, window he get threw out
Duke out
Pussy bitches, douche out
Flying out the crew out
They flew out invite them to my new house, my new house
I'm fucking every night up in my new house
Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house
Grindin'
I'm fucking every night up in my new house
Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house
Grindin'
I'm fucking every night up in my new house
Cause bitch I worked too hard for this new house
I'm grindin'


Back the hell off
Rock n roll Jesus with all my nails on
All I need is a bl**t and a bail bond
And give these blind mothafuck*s something to feel on
Rollin like a mothafuck*s put your wheels on
And let's roll down and heal till the heal gone
I started on the block but that something to build on
And how can I pray when I got nothing to kneel on
 
Hey
The ground is gone
Don't look now but the ground is gone
I'm so high that the ground is gone
And I don't even know which crowd I'm on
Don't look down but the ground is gone
Don't look down cause the ground is gone
Right now I'm a million miles from home
And I'm so high that the ground is gone
 
Son look up
Father just shook us
Never was around like bush is
War just came like Kane with bishop
Movies too different to act not used ta
Boys in the hood messed up
No blueprints they just do it, 
Then they get commercial shootin
Ruthless, live your T.I. or lose it
Stupid people like ya'll once knew 'em
Who da, new nigga is show and prove it, 
Never skateboard but I grinds in these Supras, 
Ya'll niggas foolin, for fame and the fortune, 
Super human, 430 flame horses
Ready to use it, L.A. to Jerusalem
Betty Bootin, my girls fake Hollywood tits
Couldn't fool 'em, I just pull up
And I hold her, yeah, and adjust, to the mood
 
Jump-Jump out a window
Let's-Let's-Let's jump off a building baby
Let's Jump-Jump out a window
Let's jump off a building baby
Jump-Jump out a window
Let's-Let's-Let's jump off a building baby
Let's Jump-Jump out a window
Let's jump off a building baby
 
Hey
The ground is gone
Don't look now but the ground is gone
I'm so high that the ground is gone
And I don't even know which crowd I'm on
Don't look down but the ground is gone
Don't look down cause the ground is gone
Right now I'm a million miles from home
And I'm so high that the ground is gone
 
I know a girl named Crystal her last name Paul
I look into her eyes and I can see it all
I see it when she cry, I'm there when she call
Cause I live inside of the mirror on the wall
Kill 'em all, die in the spirit of the war
Thinkin would a mind be in spiritual fall
My lyric will leave you in physical awe, 
Miserable, pitiful, ridicule, typical
Chemicals swimming through the inner tube
Get in you, that be the end of you
Times are beginnin new
Fuck what you done this about what I'm finna do
Motherfuck a 9 to 5
I rather do 10 to 2
Motha fucker pin a guy now I write a pinnacle
The government is saints and it's fuckin identical
Kiss my ass, and suck my genitals, tabernacle, biatch! 
 
Jump-Jump-Jump out a window
Let's-Let's-Let's jump off a building baby
Let's Jump-Jump out a window
Let's jump off a building baby
 
Hey
The ground is gone
Don't look now but the ground is gone
I'm so high that the ground is gone
And I don't even know which crowd I'm on
Don't look down but the ground is gone
Don't look down cause the ground is gone
Right now I'm a million miles from home
And I'm so high that the ground is gone
 
Let's-Let's-Let's jump off a building baby
Let's Jump-Jump out a window-window
Let's jump off a building babyyy


I got a whole lot of money,
Pop that pussy for me,
My homie got that yoppa,
Hell bang it at a coppa
Ey, gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party!
Stove on my waist, cook your ass up gourmet
All black 4 4 do you want foreplay
I'm going at your face like oil of ole
No champagne, but you know my flag Rose,
Swagga on steroids, canseco jose
No living records, we so bout it bout it
I'm higher than a bitch, feel like I climb a fucking mountain,
Illest nigga you know my accountant still counting
Shots hit him a minute ago, but he's body still bouncing!
Beam on the hammer, beam on your forehead,
Gotta kill the witnesses cause birdman car red
Hollygrove monster, eagle street creature,
Come to your funeral, kill everybody but the preacher.
I live in miami, nigga, I'll south beach ya
Robin Leach uh that's how we balling!
You know that I'm loaded, but please don't think it's sweeter,
Beat one of you bitch niggas up like john cena
Then hoes on yo money tell then hoes we commin
Before we get it popping, we aint trading hoes, we swappin
Yea, gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party!
Big head desert eagle call it "shotty"
Howd you get that money stunna told me that
The zan took me under, patrone brought me back
I'm leanin on these niggas like I coughta flat
I'm a breath of freash air let the bitch breathe
I had to chillax but I had to do it dev
I'm at the funeral like I had to do it rev
Mack you my big brother I'll split a wig for ya
I put that on repeat untill the bury me
Moment of clarity; yea that's my diamond game
I keep a fine bitch cuz I like the finner things
Fuck with me slime, no brain on the whip I got
Nothin in mind carter 4 they aint fuckin with mine
I dropped that sorry for the wait to make up
For the time


Verse 2 (Lil B)
Yeah I do my thing bitch what's up?
Young based god came in with the ballers
Iced out chain bitch, I'm rich with that same shit
See 5 hoes on my dick bitch it's christmas
Striaght west stide bay area bitch I'll graze em
Gritty boy bitch based god from the angles
On like a craddle and you niggas can't stop me
Shout out to Mack Mane gettin rich and cockey
Bitches still west side shout out to weezy
Young based god with that 55 heater
187 bitch I put it to 11 bitch
With that tiny shirt mane
And the tiny pants mane
I'm on based world and I fucks with cash money
My niggas don't understand man
The game like a chain
Woo woo! Swag bitch brang-dang-dang man
Bra off the top ima wolf pack hitter
My life just painting and I paint
You a pictrue mane thing bout it young
Paid ass nigga This tha stunt music
Bitch I just dos it and it's Lil B
And I'll muthafuckin prove it, we runnin


Dawg you gotta feel me on this one
What it be like dawg, I'm on some some adult grown up type shit
Look who I be around nigga, look who I been around nigga
Geezy, Juve and turk, B and Slim dawg pay attention dawg


Age is nothin but some digits nigga trust me on this
Cas I think I speak for every one when I say life is a bitch
I ride D L into the C L Gun right in my grip
I slip a clip in every rip, cas hatas likely ta trip
Come home to my future wife and every nite she'll flip
She end up catchin rights to her lips behind diapers and shit
But I like when we split drink Henny without ice when I'm pissed
Go to the club and start a fight thinkin I'm Tyson and shit
But I'm a man so I'm here to handle my situtions correctly
And I know I might be dumb but niggas gone definantly respect me
But in the mean partner I'm fightin gun charges in court
And in a couple of weeks our next tour about to start
Its like I'm livin happy now
Except for the fact my daughter sayin I love you daddy now
And that kinda juice me up
And I smoke about 3 blunts and puff a Kool ta bust me up
And say a prayer for everyday
Jus so I get through the stuff but I be like


(Chorus: repeat 2X)
Ahhhh man, it's complicated doin everythang on your own man
Being responsible for everybody and ya home man
And when you feel like everythang is goin wrong man
I'm gone stand cas I am a grown man


I try to keep my head up, but I die to keep my bread up
And usually I'm feed up thinkin everythangs a set up
But I get up this stick out my chest and clutch on my nuts
And I get hit up with all kinda stress and put up wit the stuff
Just trust me it's tough but I mantain to climb through it all and I still manage to be
Lil wayne therefore I shine and I ball
And dawg I live for today and hope and pray that there's a tomorrow
And I borrow confidence from out my heart when thangs get awful
And I'm walkin on the edge stuck without a salute and someway
I still pick it out and shuffle out tha confusion
And I don't need nobody so keep yo advice and jus down it
Cas ya'll cats don't really no me ya'll jus no bout me
So if my dawgs be on my side they keep me combile with spirit
And plus I no my fathers watchin and my mothers the dearest
And I ain't neva said they don't appreciate what we do
But jus no if I wasn't a man we wouldn't make it through


(Chorus)2x


Who would have known that this wa some day that didn't turn out so happy
But I chose my own life so I gradually accept it
I'm influenced and effected by the way it became
And I don't play with it at all so I don't say it's a game
And even though I grew apart and I have gracefully change
I'm always strict so I'll forever be facin a change
And I'll keep this thang brutained on the waist of my pants
And I demand respect from all if not then I'm waisten a man
And if I want it then I get and if I need it I have it
Take care of them family first plus tha licka an weed is a habit
And I'm so often I'm congratulated for the succeeded at last
But when they turn they back I just have Jesus leadin my path
And I didn't ask for you to like me I don't care if you hate me
But don't mistake me no otha man can neva make me or break me
Now you faithfully inspired by the hood tell I'm gone
And I dawg I do belive I'm grown so I'll be good on my own but I be like




(Lil Wayne)
Chea, what's up baby
I aint tryin to do nothin but get my grown man on
I aint tryin to hurt you, only if you want me to, ha
Yea, somethin like that


Yea wats happenin baby I'm lil wayne from new orleans
Fresh out the navy now the captain of my own team
Hop in this machine
Banish from the scene
God damnit I'm so manish
Handle it like a standard
So put ur panties and ur pants by the trashcan
Romance on the floor plans
Yea, we hold hands while we rollin
Jus tryin to keep up with the program
Jus tryin to sneak up on ya,
Like how you doin mam
I'm a old soul in a young man,
We got to it and we didn't stop till the birds hit the block
And she aint neva had it like that


Chorus:
Girl, you are so fine
I wish that I could get you over here girl tonight
So I can get my grown man on with you,
You don't kno about it, I'm on my grown man (4x)


Currency
Now I don't really hit the club
But tonight I'll make an exception
For some reason I can't seem to keep my eyes out your direction
I'm lookin at you so hard I could probably catch a charge
Feelin the way you walk when you move your booty applause damn,
I gotta keep my composure
Gotta attack my mission handle business like a soldier
Young man, young money with the money long
Currency tha hot spitta it so grown
And ur perception of me is so wrong
Don't worry bout what you heard bout me and them other birds
Mighta dun a lil dirt and left a few of em hurt
But whateva has occured they all got what they deserved,
And you don't rock like them I can see it in your eyes
If you aint good for me then you wearin a disguise
'cause tonight you lookin like ms right
And I swore to be a player for life but I'll change for you


Chorus


Lil wayne
You aint a woman, you a baby girl livin in a lady's world
And I'm a grown man, the women understand
See what I go thru, is what I owe you
So you should throw that ass back to me right now
Yeah, fly boy baby sit back relaxin,
Cruise wit a nigga, destination satisfaction
Now who's is it baby she say weezy fuckin baby
I said yes it fuckin did
She said don't you ever leave
I say, I say but I got money on my mind
Then I tell her nevermind and we do it one more time
Yeah, for a large amount of time
Long, it wont stop till daytime come home


Chorus


Damn, look, that, oh that right there
That's the sunset girl, get ur visor
Wheres those chanel shades I get you
You always losin things
And I'm always buyin new things
I come a long way you remember
Remember that block
Look at you, you think you all grown


You aint a woman, you a baby girl livin in a lady's world
And I'm a grown man, the women understand
See what I go thru, is what I owe you
And you should throw that ass back to me right now


"One big room full of bad bitches" x8


Fu got the weed, Marl got the gun
They say numbers don't lie
Bitch, I'm not the one
Hammers in ya face, this is not a dream
And you get in every page in this magazine
Bumping ugk, talking about a murder
We roll a Dr. Jay and then we light that Julius Erving
I got p-ssy on the way and p-ssy on the way out
Life is a beach and these hoes trying to lay out
Tunechi, Tunechi, toaster, tooly
F-ck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl
Call it Lady Gaga
Glock for Tini, nina colada
Suck, swallow, semen, saliva
I'm going at your collar
F-ck you hoe niggas!
Weezy go hard, you bitches go figure
Diamonds in my teeth like I'm a f-cking dope dealer
You're a dead man walking: Michael Jackson Thriller
I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches...


(I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches)


It goes: Tunechi, Tunechi
Toaster, tooly, f-ck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl
Call it Lady Gaga
It goes: Tunechi, Tunechi
Toaster, tooly, f-ck around and pop ya


Back where I started on my set, in black
All chrome Glock looking like a platinum plaque
We don't pack extra clips, we pack extra Gats
And all my hoes dirty like welcome mats
Til the wheels fall off: I can fix a flat
If you're scared go to church and get a scripture tat
Guns the size of children, now don't be childish
Be with wild-ass niggas and I am the wildest.
I'm a motherf-cker, call me Weezy baby
And on the end of the barrel I got a sweet potato
My life is a movie, I got a leading lady
My rooftop drop back like Tom Brady
I got the world in my hands, skateboard n' my vans
And all my boys stay strapped like we live in Iran
I know what I can do, so bitch I do what I can
Drop the Sorry 4 the Wait, man
I'm just saying...


I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches...


Ft. Nutt The Kid


Yeaa!




On the real-a
I'm a Guerilla
Now have you ever heard of a nigga like me
I'm a G-O-Rilla
On the real
Don't get wit me
That's on the real
And don't slip on a banana peel
Because you will get killed


By the guerilla
I'm a Guerilla
By the guerilla
I'm a Guerilla
By the guerilla
I'm a guerilla-aa-a-a-a-aa-a-a-aaaaaaaaa




Boy you don't want me bullshit
Slip on a banana
You just such a panza
Shootin like Bonanza
Dirty like the hamper
Boy you are not a man, You are just Amanda
I bet that choppa bring 'em all proper ganda
Come on world bear wit me like a panda
I run this shit
Like a hurry up hike to Randel
From the scrimage line I burn them like a candle
Touchdown!
Up town Up town
Hollygrove, you. S. A.
Money long like a New Orleans flight to L. A.
Fuck boy I rep New Orleans like everyday
Everynight
Ballin like
Reverend Knight
Every Night
Everyday
24/7-8-9-10
I'm in the jungle
And I'm comin to yo front door
Knock, Knock - Who's There - Long Hair, Don't care


Yeaa!




On the real-a
I'm a Guerilla
Now have you ever heard of a nigga like me
I'm a G-O-Rilla
On the real
Don't get wit me
That's on the real
And don't slip on a banana peel
Because you will get killed


By the guerilla
I'm a Guerilla
By the guerilla
I'm a Guerilla
By the guerilla
I'm a guerilla-aa-a-a-a-aa-a-a-aaaaaaaaa




Put some bass in yo voice
So I can knock the amp out you
Get amped
And I'll make an amp out you
Put you in the trunk wit the bubbly
In the jungle
Missin for months
Til they forget about you
Find you
Can't identify you
I'm a rider
Guerillas will spank yo mama
The Dr. That brought you out her
I done went bananas over my clam chowder
Banana clips in the choppas
And we clap 'em like "Bravo"
Scream like the opera
So I can give you an encore
Civil back guerilla
And I got the medal of honor
Poppin the metal feranaz
At who?- Metal & Tiana
Who the fuck seen it
Who? What? When? & How?
Cuz, I'll slit your neck from ear to ear
Like the black Dalia
The flow well radical
Lil nigga wit an attitude
Like "Blaw"
Launch you in the altitude
What's your latitude
Residue under my nails
All about my revenue
Who ever knew
They say I Blow
Like Blue Hill Avenue


Yeaa!




On the real-a
I'm a Guerilla
Now have you ever heard of a nigga like me
I'm a G-O-Rilla
On the real
Don't get wit me
That's on the real
And don't slip on a banana peel
Because you will get killed


By the guerilla
I'm a Guerilla
By the guerilla
I'm a Guerilla
By the guerilla
I'm a guerilla-aa-a-a-a-aa-a-a-aaaaaaaaa


I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
I don't do no arguin', I let the gun talk
And it's no talkin' back when my gun talk
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk
See me walking with a limp, that's my gun walk
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk


Uh, fuck that nigga, ho ass nigga
Leave that nigga with a toe tag nigga
Barrel so long, you can pole dance, nigga
Run up in ya house, where the dope at nigga
Murder she wrote on a notepad nigga
Light that nigga up, smoke that nigga
Stomp that nigga, roast that nigga
I walk around with this shotgun and this bitch bigger than me nigga
Don't open up yo fuckin' mouth 'cuz I'll pull the trigger like teeth nigga
Shoot 'em up, then leave nigga
I smell summer's eve nigga
We shoot first, it's better
To give than receive nigga




Keep that ho shit over there
And we don't shoot in the air
I can't fuck with these niggas, man these niggas gummy bears
Hair trigger on the gun, I pull that muthafucka hair
It's like man you can't trust nobody, I don't even have a trust fund
Don't buck, nigga. Don't stunt, nigga. Don't duck, nigga, cause I duck hunt
Bitch rock with me, that Glock with me, that chopper with me, obviously
I'mma empty this muthafucka, that's fifty shots, approximately
Now fuck with me, get fucked over
Emergency room: rushed over
Hollow tips, in the clip, my gun loaded: yours sober
I pull yo card like a lawn mower, fall back or I'm goin' forward
I see you got yo gun drawn, I send you back to the drawin' board




Walkin' round this muhfukka limpin'
Cuz the nose on the pistol 'bout as long as Scotty Pippen's
On the molly and I'm twisted, throw ya body with the fishes
Double back around that corner and I'm bodying the witness
Uh, Real niggas don't talk much, do drive by's and walk ups
Lame rappers that talk much get a broke jaw, star struck
I don't fuck with the lame niggas, I got good aim nigga
Pop a pill, pop you, my nick name is Pain Killer
I'm still that same nigga, Eastside I rep that
Pussy niggas better get right or where I see you, you get left at
Use the rifle as my crutch, that's my gun walk
Or we can hold a conversation, let the guns talk
Gudda!




Let's get fucked up
On the road to riches
You're just a speed bump
Funny how the heater make a nigga freeze up
We smoke a tree down til it's just a
Tree stump. That eastside nigga
Bang on you bitches. I'm going at your neck
Strangle you bitches. Got a long-ass
List full of bad-ass bitches and I stay
Burned out like a bad transmission
I'm on, like the lights I light up
The kush, knock out, tyson fights
I'm talking about ass and titties
S** and the city
Weezy f baby and the f is for "forget it"
I'm loving my shine, sipping on fine wine
I'm in some fine dime then she give me einstein
Young money motherfucker, yeah we
Picked a fine time
I'm a 17, nigga. Bitch, I don't mind dimein
I just ended up on every bitch's s** list
Genie in the bottle, get a muthafuckin deathwish
Thuga in this bitch, he say fuck y'all niggas
Breaking buds down the size of a football nigga
Red beam, gimme the light, no sean paul nigga
Let nino bust in your face like a porn star nigga
Yeah I keep a brian pumper, no homo
The shit I'm on got the world moving in slow-mo
Man, I told mack I was gonna do it
Above the law, but under the influence
Man, I was on the skateboard
Kick push swagger, got my girl to the room
Got behind her like a shadow
I had her ass up in the air
I swear I got the largest clip up in the world
Right here in my gat
And I wish a nigga play
I'mma bust a nigga's ass
Hate young money? Then fuck you in the ass
187 and a hockey mask, ymcmb gonna ball
Till we fall. And this fuck all y'all
Gonna ball til we fall. And this fuck all y'all
We straight, sorry for the wait


Hard Body Maddfucka Got The Heart Of A Killer
Young God In Da Buildin Bout To Start A Religion
Bout To Call Bin Laden Up And Order Some Missles
Bring Em Straight To Yo Block And Go To War Wit You bitches
If you Hit The Head Then The Rest Fall In Position
Shoot A nigga On Da Porch And Make Him Fall In Da Kitchen
Copped A Big Boy Porsche Wit All Da Specifics
And I Keep The Torche Baby Call Me Olympics
Red White Blue Pills Flip My Skills Like Gyminst
And Neva Give A bitch Money Blood Kidneys
When The Gun Goes Pow I Be At The Finish
Wit A Medal Roun My Neck Autograph On My Tennis
The Land Of Da Murder Dope Crack And Surenges
Pull Up On Ya In Da Coupe How Fat Is Ya Engine
Neva Talk To Those That Sat On Da Benches No
I Was In Da Game On 4th And Inches
These niggas Want The Business
Imma Give These Boys Da Business
See you Fuckin Wit Da Boy That Tow Toys Before Christmas
Got All These Hoes Trippin
Got All These Hoes Strippin
No We Aint Psc But Them bitches Kno We Tippin
I Juss Bought A Pint And Aint None Of Yall Sippin
Make My Friends Buy They Own shit I'm Tired Of Being Friendly
You Aint Gotta Lie Juss To Try To Be Wit Me
Got bitches Up In Heaven Waitin At The God To Be Wit Me
I'm Crazy For Being Wayne Or Is Wayne Juss Crazy
I Been Around I'm Still Around Like Them Geico Cavemen
Hairpin Trigga No I Wont Shave It
I Spot Hiphop In The Ocean I'm Gon Save It
The South Is So Dirty bitch you Can Bath It
Hollygrove Dawg And I Feel Like Mating
Babygirl Yo pussy Lookin So Vacant
And it's fuck You And fuck Georgia Bush Not Makin
Fuck Waste Deep I'm In Ova My Head
But it's Cool Imma Make It I'm Good Like Meagan
Your Girl Want Me To Come Ron Like Reagan
Your Boyfriend Is Softer Than A Carton Of Eggs And
I don't Fear Nothing But God And Weddings
At The Top Of My Paper Like I'm Starting A Heading
My Homie Santana Yea Das My Ace
But You May Kno Us As I can't Feel My Face


They don't Kno Where I Came From But They Kno Where I'm Goin
And Imma Tell Juss How The Top Feels When I'm On
In The Game I'm No Cheetah Imma Tiger Imma Panther I'm A Cougar Imma Bengle
Ocho Cinco
I'm Illy Shirt Softer Than Gillie
In A Pair Of Gucci Flops Feelin Freeyer Than Willie
When Dem niggas Left Eye It Got A Little Bit Chilli
But I Juss Let It Burn Like The End Of A Philly


Throw me them big old balls and watch how I play with them
We got my boyfriend Bow Wow in the house
My sweetie pie Lil' Zane, my girl Lil' Wayne, Sammie baby sing to me


Strike one, grab your balls by surprise
Strike two, right before your eyes
Pitch three, nut, bust on my face and on the walls
Ain't no fun like a game of Hardball


When I step to the plate the outfielders get back (back)
'cause they know I'm the over the wall type of dog
So many back to back hits they call me little Sammie Sosa
Bubble gum, balled up all the hustlers
Y'all know how to work it when it's time to compete
On the field, on the court, over any hot beat
And break, and you know it when you see your clone
And right now that's all I see goin on, holla at me
Game time, all I think about is bringing home the trophy
If your team is better mine, you really gotta show me
Really gotta beat me, really gotta trash talk
Mistreat me, and send my squad back home
'cause I don't know loose to much
Matter fact, I ain't never lost at all
When I'm playin Hardball (that's right)
So, if you on the mound about to pitch to me
Understand I'm like Griffin, I keep 'em to the wall


Strike one, got you by surprise
Strike two, right before your eyes
Strike three, ohh I got you out
Without a doubt, I got you out
Strike one, got you by surprise
Strike two, right before your eyes
Pitch three, this ones to the wall
Ain't no fun like a game of Hardball


This goes out to them jocks that stay on my jock, throwin the nuts
Keep pithcin 'em, I'm in the kitchen makin radio rock
It's usually preferred, I be choosey with all my words
Throwin eggs at them chicken heads, bangin on the curb
I left 'em a word, I'm fast ballen with a curb
Happy slidin home, tellin them friends that's in the third
Sure ya done heard, who I'm doing and what I'm doin was false
And what's true, girl listen
When it comes to this game they call me Zane Mcgregor
That other kid was just a mark, so I made him retire
See, we all got a base, and we hold our own
But when I come up to bat, we all goin come home
And our fans cheers us, 'cause they know what the drill goin
Out of the field and into your automobile
And I hope it ain't your Range Rover, that you spent your change over
I'm on the dick with my tounge i'll play the game over


Listen, listen, listen
They call me young Wheezy, Rodriguez
You know I'm gettin you hot, hot as the Kendrick, ya know
And I keep the crown bat swingin, swingin that at iron
Pitch on the block like Nolan Ryan
To crazy for tv, you won't see me I'm ridin the streets
I'm a hustler, people, my life in the streets
Watch the game, get you life in the streets
My watch, my chain, and my teeth Cost
That way I will never cheap talk
And I call my mommy sweat heart, she call me sweet daddy
And she gladly, loves the way that daddy bat it, yeah baby
Whezzy Wee is a playa baby, and I don't share babies
So if you searchin for some bitch ain't nothin here, baby
Catch me throwin an eighty in the latest Bentley
Goin out, and Whezzy never hit a foul, a Hot Guy
Don't hit pop flies are knockin up, out the park
And after the games over we gone meet up after dark




All my sweetie pies Lil' Bow Wow, Lil' Zane, Lil' Wayne, Lil' Sammie
The Little Rascals, and me y'all know my name jd=Jenna"destiny


Bitch! Shake jud, yea
Chicken bone, now its on
Now its on
Dead wish bitch
Yea
California house in the hills
Big pointers, no blinds
Cant sleep past 9
We pass weed like time over here
Money over fear, her lipstick smell
Her pussy lil pierced
Daddy gotta, after that I get here
See you later alligator


Help!, Help!
Help, I need somebody
Help, not just anybody
Help, you know I need someone
Help!, Help!
Help, I need somebody
Help, not just anybody
Help, you know I need someone
Help!, Help!


So sick need a doc, yes
A creature, monster like the lockness
I gets hotter by the toc, when I sizzle to death
I just tell the clock give me a sec
In the middle of the war where my enemy at
I'm running this shit like Eric B enemy back
Cause everytime I hit a track I'm like an energy pack
The instruments are crying out "where the sympathy at"
I attack before you begin to react
I'm from the dirt where the Beatles and John Lennon be at
And now these niggas looking yellow like a penalty flag
It's Weezy baby with this hustle until infinity, ya
Like somebody let the dog out the kinnle and ran
Whoever did it was a very smart women or man
Cause I'm coming like the stomp of every marching band
I need y'all to arch your hands and pray for me
I need...


Help!, Help!
Help, I need somebody
Help, not just anybody
Help, you know I need someone
Help!, Help!
Help, I need somebody
Help, not just anybody
Help, you know I need someone
Help!, Help!


Dead, he's dead, he's dead, he's dead, sir
He's dead chap, that man's dead back there
It's worst that dead, his brain is gone


I never see your crazy face
Smiling, laughing, screaming my name like that
I never see your crazy face (Mula)
Smiling, laughing, screaming my name like that
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming my name
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming my name


He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead


Dead man walkin', through a dead plant garden
Red ants army, Caveman Spartan
Die, come back to life, shaved and corporate
I paved and carved it, made man forfeit
Laid and chalked him, I slaved then bossed it
I don't need flowers around my grave, I need maids and doormen
We not one and the same;
Casper the Friendly, Tunechi Cobain
Ask how I'm livin', I can't complain
Like, it's hot in hell, but it never rain
Shit never sweet, him never changed
I will always be the MF'er Wayne
I been lost conscious, I never regain
Bitches wanna sleep with my remains, lord


Them Xans got me walkin' 'round like a zombie
I just double parked the hearse by a fire hydrant
They throw flowers on my body, allergic to pollen
Rest in peace to the Cash Money Weezy, gone but not forgotten, no


I never see your crazy face (You don't see me, nigga)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that (You don't see me, nigga, no)
I never see your crazy face (You can't see me, nigga)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that (You can't see me, nigga, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name (You can't see me, nigga, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name (I'm the muthafuckin' ghost)


He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead
He's dead, he's dead, he's dead


Dead man walkin', the weed I'm sparkin'
Stank like corpses, got a young nigga coughin'
I was larger than life, should've got a bigger coffin
Bad bitches in my coffin, suck dick 'til they cough
How long will they mourn me?, I had a Rolls Royce Ghost
Now I'm feelin like that motherfucka comin' back to haunt me
We are not one and the same;
I fumble my brain, I'm nothin' but strange
I punctured my veins, I'm loving the pain
I'm ugly and vain, now go get that shovel and dump it on Wayne
Throw dirt on my name, picture on a shirt instead of a frame
I'm dead as a doorknob and I got it locked
So fuck every key on your key chain, boy


Them Xans got me walkin' 'round like a zombie
I don't know if I'm comin' or going, Lord, I'm undecided
Throw flowers on my body, you allergic to pollen
Rest in peace to the Cash Money Weezy, gone but not forgotten, no


I never see your crazy face (Ohhh)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that (You don't see me, nigga, no)
I never see your crazy face (You can't see me, nigga)
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that (You can't see me, nigga, no, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name (You can't see me, nigga, no, no)
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name (I'm the muthafuckin' ghost)
I never see your crazy face
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
I never see your crazy face
Smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that
I see, smiling, laughing, screaming, my name like that


That man's dead back there
It's worst that dead, his brain is gone


Hey
I remember da way
We would both say
We be together
Forever and a day
Well I guess dat day
Came sooner den late
Cus now
We're apart and away
And it feels so stray
N.g.e. wouldn't you say
I use to
Call u bay
And u use to obey
And I just wish we could


"Do it again" [x3]


Hey
I got my business together
Wish I could get together
But timing is an error
And I
Tell a lie
To you like ever
If I was even ever
Given another chance to


"Do it again"


Like I died
And gone to heaven
Climbed inside a treasure
Died inside of pleasure like
Wow
Your smile is but of essence
Your child is so precious
I wish
It was paternally mine
But karma is a message
But imma try to test it
And scream for a blessing
So loud
And I hope that you would catch it
And one day you would come fallin
Out of the most highest cloud
Then I'll be there to catch you
Yes
I'll be there to let you
Do da things
We didn't do before
Now
Next time we have to stretch it
Do it never forget it
I never forgot
I wish dat we could


"Do it again" [x3]


Hey
I'm just trynna talk to you
If I could talk to you
Den I would talk
Forever and a day
Yes I remember
So vividly
How we would be
When we lay
And my then blue skies
Were no longer gray
She so brightened up my day
Put it on a scripture
She would be a picture
If perfect had a face
I promise you homie
Dat u would be hungry like me
If you had a taste
I put it on my momma
Cus baby girl is a flower
A flower without a vase
No water needed at all
She continues to grow
More beautiful everyday
And I love her somethin vicious
And I'm just wishin
We could


"Do it again" [x3]


Niggas be hating 'cause B.G. got it
On top of the line only got it but I ride it
From the hummer to the rover to the project
B and C Lex truck nothing in my click ain't hey
Everybody here was fucked when they heard 'bout the deal
Cashhmoney hot boyz sound for thirty mill
Already was straight but we living larger
Already was balling but now we balling harder
Bet you bitches can't stay clean
'cause my wrist stay flossed off
Niggas hate me 'cause all day I'm flossed off
Ghetto lady in my dog bay mercedes
Niggas find out they got whole got fuck it then they cave me
That's how it go it ain't my fault
I got mega cheese
Walk that walk, talk that talk
I'm B.G.
Papers chase so footy get my grind on
I look through it 'cause I made that song gets it shine on
CHORUS:My click be sizziling hot steaming
Bouncing rules diamonds hot beaming
Me and my click be sizziling hot steaming
Stepping throught niggas diamond hot beaming
Me and my click be sizziling hot beaming
Rep out niggas diamonds hot beaming
LIL WAYNE:What what what
I'ma flosser baby
Baller baby
A fifteen year old shot caller baby
I'm raised in the hood
In a all black call
Down mercedes cool
Got your wife at my house and she naked too
And all my niggas all around us saying shake it boo
Go ahead do what you do
It's weezing darling off that heezing darling
I', surrounded by the ice it got me freezing darling
It's plain and simple
My change and it's natural
Now Wayne will pimp ya'll
Got game from beatrall
Trying to see six numbers
At the grammy awards with six hummers
Me the grammy award with six womans
Nigga stop at the gas station for six rubbers
Put it together
This is the night for you to get under the cheddar
Don't try to end it or you wouldn't get better
CHORUS:
LIL WAYNE:Here I come star rapper
I get the fast money
Short cute hot boy
And rap for cash money
Stand out the roof of my car and flash honeys
Take your girl to the mall and spend a gee like it's nothing
If you lay on the floor
Open up the spot
Take off her draws
Let me see the cot
Don't stop
Lil' Weez lil' weez and nothing nice
But yet to my Jesus Christ
Nothing but ice
When they see me at night
Behind cristal see night
Snatch your wife
Run up in there with the K Y
It's all mine
Ever since I was born Wayne
Nigga get out of line I get dirty like John Wayne
I bought something to floss it
Whatever come with it
Now don't shoot us unless they have a drum with it
At first they weren't with it
But then I was choking
I got 'em all paying attention like they owe it
What
CHORUS


Yeah
I try talk to em, quit talking ima hang you by your tounge yeah any motormouth can get hung high, we don't fuck wit niggas like fungi we don't even hear ya, hollrin bullshit nigga quit da diariah, pistol lying side of the arm rest, um yes, lay a nigga down in his own mess, don't mess, playa fuck around wit the homeless, charmless, you can leave out here armless, no harm is, honest you niggas is harmless, I'm calm as a don is suppose to be, Costa Nostra, don't ever approach him, don't get close to em shoot out this ain't nut'n but rock and roll to em, leave your blood on the dash call it rosewood, another murda, another page out the notebook, it aint nothing and don't make it if you know good, I try to talk to em but then a nigga had to...
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit em up, really I was tryna be calm but uhhhh that choppa rock put his head in his arms and man I try n talk to em I try and talk to em
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit em up, fuck it make a nigga get loose, he had to much talk and not enough duece, I try to talk em, I try talk to em
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit him but I hit em up
I try to talk em, I try talk to em


Yall take them shoes off your teeth stop runnin yo mouth, no shoes no feet I'll run in yo mouth, I'll come to your house me and my goons, loadin up bangers riding under the moon, throwing up fingers saying my side rules, if a nigga disagree dats wen my side prove, that maybach coupe a cockeyed fool, and I'm it like benny hoe arnt I cool, but if the thermostat switch and that needle move, then the attitude switch and that heat 'ill move, I got that chiquita banana, clip for the tool, mean a disaster pity the fool, eat a catastrophe, swallow the truth, belch reality, how does it taste?, part of your face, you a bitch nigga, all pussy start comin out yo lips nigga, I try to talk to em but then a nigga had to...


Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit em up, really I was tryna be calm but uhhhh that chappa rock but his head in his arms and man talk to em I try and talk to em
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit em up, fuck it make a nigga get loose, he had to much talk and not enough proof, I try to talk em, I try talk to em
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit him but I hit em up
I try to talk em, I try talk to em


Real talk boy, chill wit the talk boy, that tommy gun will tear your neighborhood apart boy (blaap), yeah, leave your feelings in your heart boy, start with the wrong boy, and end with a song boy, with your freinds to carry you along to a concrete matress and a fluffy tombstone, fuck the discussion, I aint into it boy, I just get to it, lets do it, rip through a boy, Big uzi just shoot a boy, I'm inside looking out, your just an intruder boy, you need sutures on your smoochers boy, but I try to talk to em but then a nigga had to...


Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit em up, really I was tryna be calm but uhhhh that chappa rock but his head in his arms and man talk to em I try and talk to em
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit em up, fuck it make a nigga get loose, he had to much talk and not enough proof, I try to talk em, I try talk to em
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana
Hit em up hit em up
I aint even wana hit him but I hit em up
I try to talk em, I try talk to em


Come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks
Niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark
Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas
Niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas
How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it
Niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head
Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin
Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin
They dressin' in black, prepared for combat
Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks
Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust
You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck
You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out
That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth
Get erased, my nigga (my nigga)
Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga)
No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga)
Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga
Look here: you can play if you wanna get down
Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found


(Hook [B. G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up


I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave
Continuously whippin' niggas like a runaway slave
Must was meant for me to be thuggin' - I stay in some beef
Baby and Slim keep tellin' me, "Juvenile, stay off them streets."
I can't help - I draw attention; they be fuckin' with me
I'm hot in the ass and can't get enough of these streets
A lil' nigga in the Rolls screamin', "Fuck the police!"
Peelin' out in front the club, about to duck to the east
Now play yourself, you gon' find yourself by yourself
In a nice place ducked off with fucked up health
I done been strucked and snuck, but never fucked and stuck
My life is four hundred degrees, so I bust 'em up
Still stickin' to the g-code, Ree's, and B's
Quit drinkin', but I will smoke some weed indeed
All they understand is my project English
And if you don't like it, you can kiss my penis


(Hook-4x [B. G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)


I run the streets 'cause I'm real if it's daylight or dark
You a killer, nigga? (Eah?) Ain't no fear in my heart
I'll go toe to toe with ya or take ya to war
I'll even go K for K with ya - now make your choice
Better know when I'm in beef that I be creepin', nigga
Better know that I'm a snake, and I'ma sneak ya, nigga
Each time I hit the corner, I be leavin' niggas
Momma upset - can't even go on and grievin', nigga
Nothin' change - I'm on tv, I don't play with you niggas
Still the same that'll spin broad day on you niggas
And empty a hundred out that K
Where you're caught hangin' is where you're left stankin', ya heard me
I've been in the game - niggas know what I'm 'bout
So many murders under my belt, I done lost count
If you wanna be another number, my nigga
Go ahead, drop your nuts, and run up, my nigga


(Hook [B. G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Nigga, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)


Hello, world
I zip through fast in a yellow pearl drop Porsche Boxter
Young mobster, wild and obnoxious
Pop some in your dreadlocks - What? Me not no rookie, boy
Glock cookin', boy
I'll turn your forehead to a pussy, boy
Off the gate, cousin, you niggas gon' make me stalk and spray somethin'
Spark or lace somethin'
Park the car, get out, walk, and spray somethin'
Taught to stay thuggin' brought up in this shit that we call America
And in my hood the laws are scared of us - we are too terrible
If I live to be old, it's a miracle
'cause the way a nigga hatin' or bitch plottin', the shit's hysterical
That's why I keep me two big guns on blast like a stereo
Come to your burial and kill anybody else who care for you
Don't blame me, society changed me
You haul white, you smash powder all night for the fast dollar
Cut off lights, we masked riders
The hood trash got us in a position we can't shake
With boys we can't break, and due to that you ain't safe, bitch


(Hook [B. G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up, nigga (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Boy, look,
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)


Nigga - we put holes in you bitch-ass niggas, ya heard me
We don't barrow nothin', don't fear nothin'
And ain't nothin' you can do 'bout these (Hot! Hot! Hot!) Boy$, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
B. Geezy, Lil Wheezy, Juvy, Two Tymer


Come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks
niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark
Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas
niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas
How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it
niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head
Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin
Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin
They dressin' in black, prepared for combat
Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks
Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust
You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck
You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out
That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth
Get erased, my nigga (my nigga)
Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga)
No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga)
Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga
Look here: you can play if you wanna get down
Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found
(Hook [B. G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up
I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave-aca


Hoes! Lets just talk about Hoes!
Can we talk about Hooooooeeeeesss Hooooooeeeeesss!
Repeat


Mannie: Lets Go


Wayne:
You gotta talk like a pimp
What's good mama, you knew betta you, you do betta, who betta than that nigga with that crisp white tee, icy white sneaks, jeans to a betta
You do betta gettin' yo' ass off up in that Coupe bitch
Sit yo' ass on that new leather and regroup bitch
It's only me and you bitch on our way to the stu
I'm the Birdman Jr you aint know?
And don't gimmie that silly bullshit about you aint hoe
I move you to me city put yo' ass in uno
I have you lokin pretty hit the Ave now get the do'
That Gucci gon' fit ya like ya supposed to be in pictures
I got computer love baby Wayne will change ya image
You need Weezy them other boys just gimicks
Me I'm just game, green, and srait physics
Is you wit it?
And I aint even tryna hit, imma get it when it's time to get it
Lets talk about...




Mannie:
I gat this rat named Shelly that love Makavelli
Number five combo meals and splashin' K-Y Jelly
How a old school shorty still drink a forty
Grab the mic, start a fight, and fuck up the whole party
Baby you should leave
Adjust yo' weave
That's velcro (Hell no)
Bitch go wit Steve
Got this lead singer bitch from a popular group
I would say her name but she bought me a Coupe
Got this Hoover hoe Shawnna, smell like marijuanna
How she dig Lil-Wayne but she love the Big Tymer
Got pretty girl Patrice found out Iim fuckin' her neice
Tried to stab her so I grabbed he and we called the police
"Mr. Offica' the bitch than lost it bru, she goin to jail? O' well I'll be fuckin' hu'"
Seen two dike spanish twins
Nuts pressed on they chins
Will we go video?
Well nigga that depends




Wayne:
Yeah what up Young Mall, Young-Jay, yeah
I gat old school bitches and new school hoes
Female basketball playas with cornrows
And I don't like short haired girls no not really
If I do she gotta looke like to old Halle Berry
Or the broke Toni Braxton
The 1st Lil-Kim
But I still take hood-rats and work with them
Put ya ass in tha Jag and I'll jerk it quick
Give ya' ass a lil game if ya smerk ya' in
I', a pimp not a simp
Like ice in my drink
And I don't think twice to bling 'cause I'm focused
Rollin' in a white-ass Mink like a polar bear
Yeah, Let down my hair
Get jazzy on a bitch like Fred is there
Rose-Gold in her face get her red as glare
My Bently Plum
My Mercedes Pear
I am lookin' for a freak mama take me there yeah




Wayne Talkin' during Hook


Bitch I'm me, American gangsta
Weezy F baby, born in a manger
Trouble is my friend, I aint far in the danger
Clip full of wings, turn you boys into angels
Shoot ya in your halo, shoot you like halo
... New orleans A-hole, Flee-o, Fuego
All about my bread like bagels, they know
I'm raw like?, ball like gay hoes
Weed so strong it's like I twist tornadoes
Spit like 9 s, 4 5th's, and 3 8 oh's
Niggas want problems, well I am problematic
It's back to pickin cotton cause you niggas cotton candy
Ima east side damu, deep water shamoo
Shoot you from your head to your shoulders, shampoo
Kush and the bamboo, pussy in the bedroom
Pass that bitch down like an heirloom,
Tunechi


Hold up [x4]


We Huslte till night fall
Party till Sunrise
Guns in the boxs
Don't make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggas
Fuck then niggas bitches
Benedryl shit
Trigga Finger itches


Bitch I'm streets, I rep that east
Gimmie the beef, I'll Put the beef in da grease
Kush in the sweets, Your bitch in the sheets
I fucked that bitch mission complete
Real nigga talk, Gangsta conversation
I'm a real nigga don't fuck wit immitations
Young Money nigga aint no limatations
I don't play games niggas simulations
Which one of yall niggas say ya bout it?
It's a fucked up world T streets take ya out it
That's word to the glock... Glock in the sock
? Better stop at the dot


Uhh Married to the money, you welcome to the reception
And She came with problems, fuck it that's my step sons
Sleepin in the Maybach, Wake me when the jet come
And I keep the toast turn yo ass to bread crumbs
Uhh based on a true story, I got a million flows they aint even 2 storys
Sleepin on the edge, I hope I don't toss and turn
Shoot down the early bird and that's how I get the worm
Real nigga university... Alumni
Just check my watch and the bitch says sometimes
She say when I'm in her feels like I'm soul searchin
And they say money talks, well it's my spoke person
Uhh grab a star from the sun roof
I fuck her in her dreams and make her come true
Yeahh Young Money is the power Send my B's at you like a motherfuckin flower




Huslte till night fall
Party till Sunlight
Gun in the boxs?
Don't make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggas
I fuck then niggas bitches
Been with real shit
Trigga Finger itches


Hollygrove, hollywoood, hollygrove, hollywood, too hollygrove to go hollywood


Find out where your parents stay tell my goons to go straight to your momma room
What's in your pockets? What's in your pocketbook?
We think the bible's a comic book
Bitch this is hollygrove, too far from hollywood, too hollygrove to go hollywood
I got cocaine that's so good, need a name
Call it milk, because milk does the body good
I got this heat on my waist, so somebody better monitor the thermometer
I just eat pussy and pussy ass nigga's all day and I ain't even kinda full


Hollygrove, hollywoood, hollygrove, hollywood, too hollygrove to go hollywood


I went from Bourbon to Beverly Hills
Show me your tits, I'll show you my weapon and grill, and heaven is real
I get an actress into my bedroom, she lay down and say "let's make a film"
I be like action, I hold her hair down by her neck this how breath taking feel
Family first, you'll get your family killed, that's if you squeal
Pop-pop close range hold that gun like the photographer hold the camera still
Bad bitch ridin' my dick, she swerve cuz another bitch grabbin' the wheel
I ask 'em to chill, they tell me to shut up, I say my lips are sealed
I come from Hollygrove, I done went Hollywood
I was a match made in heaven when hell was a pile of wood
I run through hell, with gasoline drawers won't stop tell the devil that god is good
Entrepreneur in a Bentley droptop is off, vagina connoisseur out the hood
I come from Hollygrove, everyday Halloween
We shoot your block up and just say we shot a scene
Been on my beast since I was wearing wallabees
Well paparazzi, I need my privacy, fuck yo photography, I react violently
Make sure your camera get the good side of me, Lawwwd
I come from Hollygrove, Hollywood should make a movie about Hollygrove
Whoo, whoever play me should get a Oscar and a golden globe
This aint no movie, this is real shit, I dont need a script cause I know my role
My Hollywood bitch just overdosed, all she could snort more coke than Pinocchio
I come from the streets but got superstar written all over my face
Thats why these hoes in my face
I come from Hollygrove, I moved to Hollywood just to Californicate
Bapapapaapapappa I ain't finna shoot and tell them dont check the gate




Fall asleep to the gunshots, wake up and smell the emabalmic fluid
I come from Hollygrove, my bitch from Hollywood
When I fuck her, she say Hallelujah
Hollygrove to far from Hollywood
Ohh, but I done went Hollywood
Hollygrove to far from Hollywood
Ohh, but I done went Hollywood


Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, Hollywood
I done went way far from H-Town
We used to drive back and forth with the work praying
Lord please dont let this car break down


H-Town! Lord, Ive done went from Hollygrove to H-town
Hollygrove to Houston
Got a bad 5th ward bitch that be boostin
Sometimes she doze off, thats the lean I excuse it
She said If it aint chopped and screwed, It aint music"
She say I never take her out, We went to eat at Houstons
Sometimes I doze off, thats the lean, Im just snoozin
I still got actavist, nigga thats exclusive
Kill you for a pint, thats a PT Cruiser
I see way too many hoes in my future
Im gon nail all them hoes, Im Freddy Krueger
Grew up on Bun B, Pimp C was my tutor
Pimp Squad for life had to do this for Houston


Hollygrove aint far from H-town
We used to drive back and forth with the work praying the car dont break down
Oh, Hollygrove aint far from H-town
We used to drive back and forth with codeine, cocaine, the pills, and pounds
Yeah, and we got back home safe and sound
If you got pulled over you dont give police no names or get killed and never found
Word, but I kept some money to bail out
Momma used to say if I ever get caught, they gon put me under the jailhouse
Damn, Im too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
One to the chest with the chopper leave you with just arms and a head like a octopus
I got this chopper, protecting my livelihood, Im so good, im so straight, Im secure
Hollygrove, Hollywood, Hollygrove, Hollywood
Too Hollygrove to go Hollywood
Cut


(Verse 1: Lil Syqk)
Syqk, goin 2 hollywood
And I'm checkin out pu##y like a doctor should
With the white skin ass skin like Ivy Wood
And the blonde ass hair like a lion's hood
Bang anybody C. K. Cleveland's back
And I'm rollin on this bitch like a train on a track
And I'm tellin her no like a not and a lack
We done, where is my pre-nup at
Bye!
Starts off like a small town marriage
Lovely wife in life, baby carriage
Now all the stars have cars, success of course
But it ends in Hollywood divorce


And I'm gon' start
Yea, and I don't have to go to Hollywood
Cause Hollywood come through my neighborhood with cameras on
I really think they're stealin from us like a sample song
I really wish one day we'd take it back like?
The hurricane come and took my Louisiana home
And all I got in return was a dern country song
This whole country wrong
What would you write if you just put a little ice on
And cut your mic on
But you don't even write your songs
But Hollywood make you spit like a python
I meant Cobra, I'm so not sober
I'm high like a Hollywood
You can call me a roller
Your grill's glistenin'
Spent a hundred thousand on mine to feel different - what's the real sense of it?
Uhhh Bling bling, I know
And did you know I'm the creator of the term
I just straightened the perm and let it sit too long, they just makin it burn
Make a movie of our lifestyle
But they earn like a dead body burned on a mantlepiece
That's why I try not to lie on wax like this candle grease
And I be's the little nigga cooler than anti-freeze defrost on your window pane - Lil Wayne
But in Hollywood it's Litt-le Wayne
Don't make me not
So that's why I got a pre-nup - I do




Yeah, Yeah
A is for Atomsville
Be is for going home?
C if I give a fuck if you like me you know I don't
If she ain't got a good head on her leave that ho alone
If she do got some good head on her let her sing a song
D is for what I serve, I don't be on no curb
She ain't no junkie neither, I ain't no dope dealer
But she keep comin back 3-stacks, must be some crack
Put that pipe in her lap, she ain't know how to act
Now that I've got your undivided attention I'm gonna say this and run under condition one
Promise me you gon' stack, promise me you gon' ball
Promise me you'll invest three fourths of it all
For what? So your kids, kids, kids can have some cheese
Can't get with it? Get get get get get on your knees
Cause wealth is the word
Rich is round the corner from the curb
Don't like what I write? Shoot me a bird


(Verse 4: Big Boi)
(Starts off)
Tenth grade, the way was paid for me and Dre. To pregate
Like Dr. Frankenstein the arts and crafts
Now could we make a difference
Antoine Patton and Andre Benjamin been jammin for you?, rap niggas and journalists
That's quick to misprint public and private business
Then retract back for deaf ears and think it's dismissed
Part two the sequel all new cast,
Just ain't the same gang of nerds slanndering your name behind that screen name
They're lame and their life is pretty plain
M&M;'s with no nuts
Won't show up face-to-face straight bitch made
Like puppies on the nipples of a mutt
Address it on a case-by-case basis like the judge
What about these lyin' ass hoes tryin to plot
Or these niggas on the block who want the queen (nigga please)
But even she can walk we'll miss her we ain't gon' fake it
But God don't make mistakes must be something bigger?




(Verse 5: Snoop Dogg)
I do, love you but you hate me at the same time
Lights, camera, action, it's game time
Do you take this here as your lovely wife?
To love her and cherish her for all your life?
I solemnly swear to? Share take you there
And me and you together baby we a lucky pair
It's been a long time, we walked a thin line
Of the? I gotcha but you been mine
As I sit back and watch all them cat fights
Domestic violence - is that right?
But you love the dogg, gave me the spotlight
And now I'm growin up, showin up, blowin up
I never ever thought that we would separate at all
But you played me like a game of football
Used to feed me, need me, dress me
Now it's so messy straight cut out and left me


(Andre 3000)
Hollywood divorce
All the fresh styles always start off as a good little hood thing
Look at blues, rock, jazz, rap
Not even talkin about music
Everything else too
By the time it reach Hollywood it's over
But it's cool
We just keep it goin and make new shit


(Snoop Dogg)
Take our game, take our name
Give us a little fame -
And then they kick us to the curb that's a cold thang


Fuck wrong with you


Come through lookin like the old me
White T-shirt and Girbaud jeans
Smokin OG, I'm a OG
Sippin Codeine, I'm a whole fiend
Been a hot boy since 14
Gotta get my money all by all means
Used to sell rock by the Walgreens
I was 14, having orgies
Stunt real hard, real-real-real hard
On a broke ass nigga, done steal his broad
She ask me what the tear drop front my face
I told that bitch these tears of joy
I got a big ass house, got cameras everywhere
Big ass closet, I don't know what I'mma wear
Even if I change, the game don't change
A pimp gon be pimp and a ho gon be herself
Squad these niggas might get rowdy
Cocaine cowboy nigga like howdy
Codeine drought, tell them boys I got it
Nit picky bitch, do the Josephine Johnny
Hot boy Tunechi, all the hot girls love me
My clique brazy, everybody clutchin
Everybody cuffin, everybody muddy
Stunna not around but everybody stuntin


Bitch I'm ballin' like a hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy Juvie
That's still my big brother, always told me I was best in this music
Yeah, ballin' like a hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy nigga Lil Weezy
I'm still the best rapper, I ain't hungry, nigga, I'm greedy
Ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy nigga free B-Gizzle
That's still my big brother, been gettin' locked up since we was little
Ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy nigga Young Turk
That been my brother since day one, like January the first


Oh yeah, you know, you know them niggas owe me
Like Scarface, that's okay
I'm going OJ, OJ, go DJ
I want my bands nigga, like Coldplay and Green Day
I'm talkin' crazy, I'm hot, bitch I'm blazin'
I'm wavy, the hot boys, I was the baby
Your favorite, when they vacated then I debated
I delayed it, now nigga we made it
Yeah, I been paid since them days
I invest, I stock trade
From Eagle Street, to Wall Street
To ya'll street in that drop head
In that hot summer, on that hot leather
With them tiny wheels and them shiny thangs
Bad bitch that's into trying things
I'm too hot, call me Johhny Blaze


I'm ballin' like a hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy Juvie
That's still my big bro, always told me I was best in this music
Yeah, ballin' like a hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy nigga Lil Weezy
I'm still the best rapper, and I ain't hungry, nigga, I'm greedy
Ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy nigga free B-Gizzle
That's still my big brother, been gettin' locked up since we was little
Ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy nigga Young Turk
That been my bro since day one, like January the first


And you, hot girl and my hot girl just sittin' by the Bayou
And my hot girl told you, hot girl, I got a hot boy that's on fire
She talkin' 'bout that hot boy, hot boy
Hot boy, hot boy, hot boy Tunechi
5 Hunnid degrees, nigga 5 hunnid degrees
Hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy nigga Lil Weezy
From hot boy to fireman, I think I hear someone screaming, hold up
I pull up, Mula baby, yeah, hold up, hold up


Bitch I'm ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy gangsta
That's my OG, always taught me how to use my thinker
Lord, I'm ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy Elvis
That nigga nickname hot, what the fuck that tell you?
Lord, I'm ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy [?]
Uptown OG, been gettin' money way before me
Lord, I'm ballin' like a hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, hot boy, free that Hot Boy Tanto
That's my OG, taught me how to get this guapo, gone


I'm sorry for the wait nigga
I'm tighter than these pussy hoes, I'm chaff, nigga
Pockets full of crumbs, I'm a bread winner
I'm sorry for the wait nigga
I'm aiming at your Beats by Dr. Dre, nigga
I put up some ornaments today, nigga
Cause round here, every day a holiday, nigga
This that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
That AK shoot like K do
Had to tell myself, 'Tune just stay tuned'
Swear I got the hardest stroke, my shit break brooms
I been high since 1998, nigga
That's 98 degrees, Nick Lachey, nigga
Hope you know the Feds got Instagram
They liking every photo that you take nigga
I was toting a gun before a switchblade
Cut your head off and put it on display
Boy we find out where you live and then we invade
Boy we do not kill no kids but your bitch dead
Oooh, shawty like the way that you floss out
Till I shoot you in the head, now she grossed out
I'm the boss, you just heard it from the horse mouth
I told a nigga count on me and niggas lost count
This world is only preparation for the next
Money bags under my eyes, money over rest
Tryna get 100 M's out the alphabets
Open up my mouth to smile, oooh treasure chest
Oooh, DJ Stevie J keep the Glock on him
I just bought a new .44 and I'mma proud owner
Belfast and Monroe that was our corner
Fuckin' fast in your ho, oooh Kowa-bunga
Sip some lean, pop a Xan bar
My bougie bitch pussy taste like caviar
Once I fuck a bitch, her pussy is a landmark
I don't know how you like your steak but I'm in rare form
Fuck them bitchass niggas, fuck whoever care for 'em
Momma jumped out a plane, I was airborne
Gold watches, gold chains, watch for Leprechauns
Favorite subject was PE, Pablo Escobar
Kill him when he least expect it at a restaurant
Throw him with the rest of 'em in a reservoir
I'm the renaissance man, peep my repertoire
Excuse my french but it's menage a trois
Oooh, my nina Ross got a bad mouth
Yea, I'm consuming grass like a cash cow
Give a fuck 'bout a police with his badge out
If you ain't got a warrant get up out my damn house
This that Sorry 4 The Wait 2
This an all white affair, I brought the yay through
She said Tunechi skate through, and I'mma skate you
I'm aimin' at your grapefruit, blaow, grape juice
Oooh, tell them bitches free dick and blow
Give me head, can't kiss no more
I got free jewelry, car keys, and more
And I just thought of robbin' like a week ago
Hundred diamonds on my bitch, I don't bling no more
200,000 for a show, you gotta speak to Po
Yeah, got me on my Young Money shit
No Cash Money, just Young Money shit
Woah, got me on my Young Money shit


My nigga Chaz Ortiz in this bitch with me
Young Mula!


Young Moulah Baby
Young Moulah Baby


She askin'
"Do you have the time to listen to me whine?"
She askin'
"Who's on the other line?"
You diss me everytime.
I tell 'er "Baby I'm a star
Shit, I'm above a star"
And now I done got so high
I done forgotten who you are


I tell her I'm in love with you
But I can't be with you
Tomorrow I'll be back up on the first flight
Right up out of town


Hop back in my Spaceship
Girl I gotta drop your ass off
(Oh, oh)
Cuz I just come to take it then you know I gotta take off
Girl I gotta take off
(Oh, oh)
But Imma be here next week
So call your company and take off


(Oh, oh) x2


And she say "Wayne you aint shit"
You got me all impatient
Cry me a river
I can hear my conscious while I say aloud


Boy you got a problem (a problem)
And you aint foolin' no one but yourself
Your like a hot revolver (a hot revolver)
But you aint killin' no one but yourself
And so she's gone to party town on her own
And you go by yourself so all alone


One minute she love me the next minute she hate me
That's two minutes of my time she done wasted
She say she pray she has Weezy F's baby
And I be havin' seizures but she say she can't shake me
And my homie say she cuter than my other bitches
And and every time I'm in that pussy it feel custom fitted
I swear I like her more than she think I do
Girl when I think of you my dick just start to jumpin' like a fucking kangaroo
I suck and fuck and finger you but you want me to cling to you
And I aint askin you to change cuz I know I can't jingle you
I got my ways and you have your days
And we gave it our best shot but I just got grazed
I'm sorry


Boy you got a problem
And you aint foolin' no one but yourself
Your like a hot revolver
But you aint killin' no one but yourself
And so she's gone to party town on her own
And you go by yourself so all alone


She owes me everything and she knows it
I've seen all the scenes in this movie, and she blows it at the end
She keeps talking to me, cuz she knows that I'm a friend
But I can't keep hearing it over and over again
I was the one that you came to when you broke up with your boyfriend
Man, fuck him
Girl I was the one, that told you fuck them other niggas
And you still went and fucked them other niggas (niggas)
Most people learn from the bad things
I hope that you learn
And don't crash and burn in the fast lane
But if you read this letter then you caught me
This should explain all the ways that you taught me


How to hate a bitch
That owe you everything
At least a wedding ring
Moving on to better things
So don't you call me talking bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you
I know that we was cool
If you need a shoulder to cry on, girl I wanna miss it
I'm through fucking with these bitch ass bitches


And I don't love them hoes
But don't fuck up with wayne cuz when it "waynes" it pours
No really, I'm on my "fuck that bitch" shit
You used to be the shit, but now you ain't shit, bitch
I had a red bone, but she be tripping though
All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeon-toed
She used to always say, fuck my niggas
And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggas
Well, I guess I'm single for the night
And you can sit right on my middle finger for the night
And if I sound mad, then you caught me
But this shit explains that you're the one that taught me




Coke in the ciroc
Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot
I'm over the bitch, and she over the top
They say love is the key, somebody changed the lock
Well, and I wish I never met ya
And I heard you're doing you, and you heard I'm doing better
And all I had to do was put two and two together
But that just makes four, but not four-ever, damn
So much for being the perfect couple
I put in overtime, I was working doubles
I wish you the best, good luck boo
Weezy f, for fuck you


No ain't nothing going on
Girl I'm moving on, just take your ass home
Get away from here, girl I'm so glad you're gone
This is the last song I'm writing for you
Now I see how you can be
I don't want you 'round you me
All you do is down me girl
How many years I tried to get ya
Don't even text my phone when it hit ya, cuz girl you taught me






You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love
How to love


You had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner tryna put it together
How to love
How to love


For a second you were here
Why you over there?
It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body
Like you never had a love
Never had a love


When you was just a young'un you're looks but so precious
But now your grown up
So fly it's like a blessing but you can't have a man look at you for 5 seconds
Without you being insecure
You never credit yourself so when you got older
It's seems like you came back 10 times over
Now you're sitting here in this damn corner
Looking through all your thoughts and looking over your shoulder


See you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love
How to love


See you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner tryna put it together
How to love
How to love


For a second you were here
Why you over there?
It's hard not to stare the way you moving your body
Like you never had a love
Had a love


You had a lot of dreams that transform to visions
The fact that you saw the world affected all your decisions
But it wasn't your fault
Wasn't in your intentions


You the one here talking to me
You don't wanna listen
But I admire your poppin bottles and dippin'
Just as much as you admire bartending and stripping
Baby, so don't be mad
Nobody else trippin
You see a lot of crooks and the crooks still crook


See You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love
How to love


See you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner tryna put it together
How to love
How to love


Oooh,
See I just want you to know
That you deserve the best
You're beautiful
You're beautiful
Yeah


And I want you to know, you're far from the usual
Far from the usual


You see you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love
How to love


See you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner tryna put it together
How to love
How to love


See you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love
How to love


See you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner tryna put it together
How to love
How to love


Cut the music up
A lil' louder
Yeah


You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love
You had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner tryna put it together
How to love, how to love


For a second you were here, now you over there
It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body
Like you never had a love, never had love


When you was just a young'un, your looks were so precious
But now your grown up, so fly it's like a blessing
But you can't have a man look at you for 5 seconds
Without you being insecure
You never credit yourself so when you got older
It's seems like you came back 10 times over
Now you're sitting here in this damn corner
Looking through all your thoughts and looking over your shoulder


See you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love


Enrique:
Te fuiste pero nunca me dijiste adios
Me dejaste en mil pedazos por no saber amar como amar?
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?
Te acuerdas de esa noche eramos adolescentes queria darte un beso
Y tu tan inocente me tenias locamente enamorado, me tenias locamente enamorado.
Y ya lo ves, lo que fue ya fue te marchaste poco a poco de mi lado y yo sigo locamente enamorado aqui sigo locamente enamorado.
Te fuiste pero nunca me dijiste adios me dejaste en mil pedazos por no saber amar como amar?
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar


Ooohh, see I just want you to know
That you deserve the best
You're beautiful
You're beautiful
Yeahh
And I want you to know
You're far from the usual
Far from the usual


How to love
You see you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love


Enrique
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?


See you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love


La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?


Now all my dogs in da bingnigga just feed up[Lil' Wayne]I got dat all black porscheon dem double black buttonsblend in so welllook like im ridin on nothintalk a lotta shit but i aint lyin on nothinshe love my satin sheets like she lyin on nothinweezy f baby bitchif ya don't say da babyya make me sickyoung money baby girltake these dicksda new AKs got crazy griphottest of da hot bitchrecognize da niggalookin at my chain like ya lookin at a mirrori aint got no lamborghini doors on dat escaladeimma just go get da lamborghini insteaddown south dreadinsane for da breaddon't give my name to da feds'cause they say im so groveim hot so stoveme and money is like khakis and polosWeezy[Curren$y]Why am I so flyi don't knowwhy am i so highdats da drois dat a CL5oh for showho you got insidesome other nigga hoCurrency da hotspittahe a gbitches take me out to eatand you'll be eatin bitches outone thang about da kidto da cold i spitif she aint bout suckin and fuckinshe aint comin to my houseyeahniggas know how I do itwhen I was in school wit my all black gucci'ssittin in da back of da class actin stupidor in C-Murder truck takin bitches to da moviesaw naw hotspitta dogback up in da heezy babyhe's so disrespectful to these ladiesI curse em out and all they say is "You so crazy"


Hit me
Shit
You already know x4
Damn
It's datt hustler musik
Young Wezzy got dat muthafuckin hustler musik
So ride to it yo, vibe to it yo
Damn


Goddamn
Missed and hit a nigga in his head with this one
Ima paint da city red wit this one
I'm ahead wit this one
See you fuckin wit da boys who tote toyz way b4 christmas.
No assistance just that persistence with That commitment if- I don't get it somebody gone die tonite-
I kno my vibe is tight- And I deserve da throne- and if da kid ain't right-den let me die in this song
See I'll be ridin
Just Ridin alone
Wit my daddy on my mind like you gotta be kiddin
How da hell you ain't here 2 see ya prince do his thing
Sometimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Shall be
So I be who I be that's me.
Dats Weezy F. Baby and
Please say da motherfuckin
So I be who I be that's me
Dats Weezy F. Baby and
Please say da motherfuckin


Baby you gotta kno dat I'm just out here doin what I gotta do 4 me and you and we eatin
So bitch
Y da fuck iz you trippin.
I'm takin dese chances
My head 2 da sky
My feet on da ground
My fingas 2 da judge if da money don't move
Then I won't budge (won't budge)
No I won't budge
No naw


Money iz da motivation
Facin da avenue
Back touchin da wall
Got da weed, got da gun
Gotta run when I hear dat bird call (birrr)
Dang hop in dat thang and merk off
Swerve off
You kno me dey call me birdman Jr. (birr birr)
Ne body murderer
And Birdman sponser it
Phantom of da operah
All black- quaep tent- locked in
I can let dem shots out
You can't get no shots in
Bullet proof
Leave a nigga wit a bullet roof
Shoot ya in ya mouth Leroy. They call em bullet tooth
I'm like what it do
What it do
There's a full court
Pressure I'm just going 4 da 2
If I'm open for da three
Ima take it in a second
Even if there's one second and
Ima make it. It's nothin
I don't take it for granted
I don't take it for nothin
I take it for what it is worth to da derf motherfucka
(Yea)


Baby you gotta kno dat I'm just out here doin what I gotta do 4 me and you and we eatin
So bitch
Y da fuck iz you trippin
I'm takin dese chances
My head 2 da sky
My feet on da ground
My fingas 2 da judge if da money don't move
Then I won't budge (won't budge)
No I won't budge
No naw


I aint neva killed nobody I promise
I promise if you try me
You gon have to rewind this track and make me go back
Dat thing a go rrrat.
Dat boy will lay flat so flat
Dat act is what I perform amongst you hatas
Got nina in my palm and I'm masturbating (black)
Peter pan. Fly till I die. What you sayin
Bathin ape, Eve Saint, Evisu what I stay in.
Got me feelin like scarface. Light da cohiba.
Streets reply.
I Look right in the 4 seater. You kno I be high. Get right in the 4 seater. Top floor of da 4 seasons.
4 of dem whores.
And they all kno how to cook it up.
And look I got sum
And only one know how to bag- bitch bundle up.
See it's a cold world so homie bundle up
We ain't on this grind for nothin
Now get ya hustle up.


Baby you gotta kno dat I'm just out here doin what I gotta do 4 me and you
And we eatin
So bitch
Y da fuck iz you trippin.
I'm takin dese chances
My head 2 da sky
My feet on da ground
My fingas 2 da judge if da money don't move
Then I won't budge (won't budge)
No I won't budge
No naw


Verse 4


Man Man this be that hustler musik, Young Weezy got that muthafuckin hustler musik yo, so ride to it yo, and vibe to it yo, I'm asking y'all please (please)
Young Weezy got that hustla musik, Young Weezy got that muthafuckin hustler musik, ride to it yo, vibe to it yo, (vibe to it yo, pshh, psh)


It's trill shit man, it's Real talk man, it's how we do it how we did it how we done it hey, it's tril shit man, it's real talk boy, it's how we do it how we did it how we done it, I ain't braging I ain't boostin it's the way it go, I ain't braging I ain't boostin that's the way it is, better guard your kids, guard your face better guard your body, we warned the place, we here
Fuck bitches it's young money
Nigga.


Feat. Drake


All my exes live in texas like I'm george strait
Or they go to georgia state where-
Tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta
That she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated
But she was no angel, and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck
So we took it to go, told them don't even plate it
And we never talk too much after I blew up
Just only 'hello' or 'happy belated'
And I think I text her and told her I made it
And that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love it
And right after texting, told her I'm faded
She asked
What have I learned since getting richer
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl, I'm still fucking wit ya
Damn, is it the fall
Time for me to revisit the past
It's women to call
There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressing room, confusing me with questions
Like:


Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?
And I say
(And I say) hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right


So much for being optimistic
They say love is in the air, so I
Hold my breath until my face turn purple
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew
Bitch if you wave, then I will surf you
I flew jet, she flew commercial
But we still met, later that night
After my session, she came over
I was aggressive, and she was sober
I gave her pills
She started confessing and started undressing
And ask me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month
And now she's texting me, asking for closure
Damn
She say this shit gon' catch up to me
I keep tissue paper
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me
And she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same
And I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation but
Interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusing me with questions like


Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You getting money? You think them niggas you with is wit' you?


(And I say) hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin right, all right
(And we say) hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right


(And we say) hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Fuckin' right, all right
(And we say) hell yeah
Hell yeah, hell yeah
Fuckin' right
Damn right, all right
Aw yeah


I am not a human being Uhh,
P-ssy for lunch
Pop all the balloons and spit in the punch, yeah,
Kush and the blunts
I ride through your block see a foot in the trunk
I don't know why they keep playin
They better replan giving them the blues Bobby "Blue" Bland (blues singer)
Together we stand and fall on y'all
Ballin' with my bloods, call it b-ball
These days aint sh-t Young Money is
I got mars bars three musketeers
Come through coupe same colour as veneers
And you know I'm riding with the toast, cheers! (reason he's in jail)
Yeah, now I'm back on my grizz
And y'all's a bunch a squares like a muthaf-cking grid
Sh-t f-ck with me and get hit
I finger f-ck the nina make the b-tch have kids
Just do it my n-gga I just did
Name a muthaf-cker deeper than me b-tch dead
Ya dig, this here is big biz and I scream f-ck it whoever it is


I am the Rhyming Oasis
I got a cup of ya time I wont waste it
I got my foot on the line I'm not racin'
I thank god that I am not basic
I am not basic
I am not a human being


Uhh, rockstar baby
Now come to my suite and get lockjaw baby
Rich n-gga lookin at the cops all crazy
It's the mob sh-t n-gga Martin Scorsese
Heater close range, cuz people are strange
But I bet that ak 47 keep you ordaned
You can't see weezy nor wayne
I'm in the far lane, I'm running this sh-t - hundred yard gain
Uhhh, swag on infinity
I'm killing em, see the white flag from the enemy
Shoot you in the head and leave your dash full of memories
Father forgive me for my brash delivery
I will try you, I wouldn't lie you
I must be sticky cuz them bitches got they eyes glued


Young money baby we the sh-t like fly food
Yall can't see us - like the bride shoes.
I stand tall like a muthafuckin 9'2
I scream motherf-ck you and whoever design you
And if you think you hot then obviously you are lied to
And we don't die, we multiply and then we come divide you.


I am the Rhyming Oasis
I got a cup of ya time I wont waste it
I got my foot on the line I'm not racin'
I thank god that I am not basic
I am not basic
I am not a human being


Re-Reporting from another world
Magazine full of bullets you can be my cover girl
Ness go the weed thicker than a southern girl
Strong arm rap like a n-gga did a hundred curls
Rock star biatch, check out how we rock
And if this aint hip hop... It must be me hop
I'm higher than a tree top
She lick my lo-llipop
I still get my candy from your girlfriends sweet shop
Spitting that he rock I'm smooth not Pete Rock
And my money on etcetera - 3 dots
Still get a stomach ache every time I see cops
You better run mothaf-cka, cuz we not
You better run till your feet stop
You aint even on a f-cking alphabet in my tea pot
Colder than a ski shop
Holding on to the top, and even if I let go I still wont G-rock


I am the Rhyming Oasis
I got a cup of ya time I wont waste it
I got my foot on the line I'm not racin'
I thank god that I am not basic
I am not basic
I am not a human being


Everybody wanna be fly til you swat 'em
But who am I to talk? I aint shittin' roses
We in in the same picture but we all got different poses
I'm looking in my rearview, I see the World in it
I try to slow down, but I get rear ended
PAUSE! Like a red light, I'm dead right! 
Highway to Heaven, God do you see my headlights?
They say you don't know what you're doing till you stop doing it
Well call me clueless cause I do this


Attention all shooters, I'm a shooting star
Life is a course and I'mma shoot for Par
I'm searching for today instead I found tomorrow
And I put that shit right back like I'll see when I find tomorrow
Young Money CMR, Blood like a scar
Weezy F baby and I do it all for y'all


Now shawty got a man, Oh but I got a plan yea... 
Look homie I aint trying to force your hand
But imma take your girl yea yeah
Imma take your girl yea
And I can tell you, she wants me, 
She wants me, she wants me, she wants me
And yes I want her too aww awwww awww
Imma take your girl


Drake
I swear to you every time I sees, her I seizure
Keep running through my mind, Jog my memorys amnesia
Touch ya, tease ya, nervous, don't freeze up
She let me take control, I run the woman like a visa
She always run back to me saying he's a... dog off the lease
He got this other girl Alicia, she tell me she's in hell
I tell her take a breather, I'm nothing like your man
But I can't love you neither, it's wifey over bitches
But money's over her, cuz money's under nothing
My life is such a blur, it's not the way it has to go
It's just what I perfer, and any young money nigga I know what concur


Weezy talk to em


Lil Wayne:
And she wants me, and she wants me, yeah... 
And I want her too, yeah I want her too
I'm talkin bout shawty got something about her, 
Shawty got this thing about her, 
Shawty got that thing make you wannna wrap a ring around her
Wanna rap and sing about her
So that's what I does, shit that's what it was, 
Rub my back in the tub it was me?
Yeah we all buddies, 
And shawty has a husband, and everyone knows bout him
But, Fuck him
 
Cuz I can tell that she wants me, she wants me, she wants me
And imma take your girl, imma take your girl yea
And imma take your girl, imma take her yea
Imma take your girl, imma take your girl
 
Drake:
Shawty got a man, but I got a plan
Listen homie, I aint trying to force your hand (nooo)
But imma take your girl, girl yeah girl
And her girls and they girls
Comin with me yea, talkin one on three yea
They aint playin no D yeah
That's cuz they playin for me yeah (oh oh)


Kid kid


Kid-Kid:
Just as long as we know what's good on both ends
I'm loving ya like I'm ya man though we just friends
If ya shy come see me for ya confidence
I got a comfortable suite at the comfort inn
I tell her
I don't own a boat baby but I can float
And I don't own a plane but there's a mary jane and we can float
Your man aint worrying about what's going on over ya
You could get pentalized the way you blowin below the rail
Now this game like a analog I don't sweat cuz it show how fake you are
She stressin, ya she testin ya, she just tryin to see what kinda level ya
On
You don't make it bounce like a basketball, you aint even get no ass at
All
Now you sittin at the club trying to laugh it off, she done found her
Mid glam boy
You messin up, you messed up, wasn't easy to clean your Mess up
She found me and I blessed her, I applied to her Pressure
She call me a professor, I went gave her her lecture, 
I bet she says I'm better, than her man was ever ha! 


Drake:
Shawty got a man, but I got a plan
Listen homie, I'm not tryin force your hand
Imma take your girl, girl, imma take your girl
And her girls and they girls, 
Commin with me


Lil Wayne:
And I can tell that she wants me, she wants me, 
And I want her too, and I want her too, I want her too
Yea, and I want her too ahh... 
Talkin bout


Shawty got a man, oh but I got a plan
Listen home boy I'm trying to force your hand
Imma take your girl yea, imma take your girl yea
And I aint trying to force your hand
But imma take your girl


She wants me, she wants me, she wants me


Ohhhhhhhh, yeaahhh (Cmb don't twistle it don't tangle it)
She looks like any other girl that I seen from place to place
But I know she not like any other girl
'cause I couldn't take my eyes off her
She had a cowboy hat (what else), a sun-greased tan
(what else), pants with the ass just right
Now I can tell that me and her are gonna make a baby,
Baby tonight


I don't know why she's affectin me
Or why this situation's stressing me
I don't know why nobody's callin me
It makes me wanna give her all of me
And now she's asking what I want it, how I want it,
Where I want it, and when I want it
And what I want
Somebody tell me what's going on, going on


Now it's time to make my approach
'cause it's all most 2'o clock  (bling, bling)
But I gotta do it now 'cause I'ma get mine when I hit the parking lot
She said I know your name, I know what chu do not
Impressed my the things you got (yeah right)
But I ain't gonna lie, yeah I wanna ride
So baby lick the spot


I don't know why she's affectin me
Or why this situation's stressing me
I don't know why nobody's callin me
It makes me wanna give her all of me
And now she's asking what I want it, how I want it,
Where I want it, and when I want it
And what I want
Somebody tell me what's going on, going on


She looks like any other girl
But not like any other girl
I can tell by when she looked at me
She wanted me, and it's not the green
Now I wanna make her mine (what)
I gonna waste no time (what)
I wanna know if you want me like I want you
(listen Weezy come on now)


Now as walk up in the club
It's real dark up in the club
But and what my diamonds still spark up in the club
I see a bid night in the corner
By midnight I'm a goner
So what your name is Sonya
(Spitting noise) bet I bone her
I'm going to get rid of this last bag of marijuana
So won't cha come outside with me
How bout chu take this ride with me
It's gravy so we hop in the no top, four dot
She fasten it like "ooh this car is so hot" she got
And we stopped over at the Ramada
And I got her to come out on that powder
And right jump on just swallow
And swallow and drain damn she wild
Make her trip out Lil' Wayne
Damn she loud, now
It's all over 'cause I'm finished with mine
I'ma tell her call tomorrow but then I be lying
But that's all in different baby
And pimpin is me, hot boy Weezy-Wee what


I don't know why she's affectin me
Or why this situation's stressing me
I don't know why nobody's callin me
It makes me wanna give her all of me
And now she asking what I want it, how I want it,
Where I want it, and when I want it
And what I want
Somebody tell me what's going on, going on


Look, Unplugged, Lil' Weezy
Cmb doin it one more time
You know from Philly to the N. O
Don't twistle it and tangle it
They don't understand, it's like the hottest of the hot
Don't get in the way, for real... Yeah
(*Inhaling sound*)


Girls that don't do girls, that's that shit I don't like
Lickin' them out, bitch eatin' her out, that's that shit my girl like
I'm layin' back with my feet up, bad bitch: D cups
All I had was one mile and she took half: prenup
I just licked my thumb and thumbed through that pussy like a catalog
All my niggas wanna fuck, and she gon let us like a salad bar
Yeah that's right, real shit
Murderer I kill kill
Cash Money, cash cow that never cry over spilled milk
I'm way high on the highway, my girl call to get my lies straight
My machine gun go "brrrrr" like I got that bitch on vibrate
Niggas think they hot, I cut off the hand they fan with
Call me dmx, cause I keep me a bad bitch
T called some of them hoes up, Marley G roll up
I'm gettin' bread like cold cuts, she suck dick till her nose run, yeah


A rich nigga that that shit they don't like
All you niggas pussies, naw none of yo pussy's tight
Gettin' head while I drive make me run lights
These hoes wanna ride my dick you gotta hitchhike
No lie, I'm fuckin' bitches and gettin' paid
She suck my dick for 60 seconds and swallow all my Minute Maid
No lie, I'm gettin' paid and fuckin' bitches
The Feds on me, gotta switch plates:
In the streets we call that washin' dishes
Left hand on that steering wheel, right hand on the nine-milly
T-roll my blunt long as a lifespan then I kill it
Eatin' pussy, tongue kissin' and all that
She ridin' a nigga so fast, my dick feel like it's been carjacked
Two guns drawn, art class, what that is that's y'all ass
Mo money, mo money, we gettin' mo like tall grass


We are not one and the same
Blood is the game, you run in my veins
I bagged your bitch then fuck her
Now come get your bitch from baggage claim, nigga!
Dr. Carter, fuck her harder
All my homies bald, nigga
And guess what? I'm the barber
I'm too high if I come down my fat pockets my shock absorber
Like Hang Gathers I'm a diaballer, you flamin' faggots put him out with water
Ugh! See that's that shit I don't like
Knock off your whole left side, now you all right
Yeah white diamonds, Vanilla Ice
My nigga Tunechi, yeah that nigga nice
Dedication 4, ho
(My nigga Tunechi, yeah that nigga nice)
Cb fuck with me!


Gudda!


Okay, I'm sippin on the syrup
Got a nigga moving slow
I'm all about the money
What the fuck you think I do it for?
Bitch don't act like you don't know
I'm killing all these rap niggas
Custom made casket for your motherfuckin' funerals
Keep the women with me
Shit I gotta keep like two or more
Party everyday like we won the fucking Superbowl
Chillin wit my nigga Mack, he keep bitches handy
White girl on the table, let 'em sniff the nose candy
When I'm walking by the women say "Who is that nigga?"
I reply: "Hi, I am Gudda Gudda, that nigga"
I was raised in the home of the Cap Splitters
Whip on 24's, watch it crawl like a caterpillar
I come with a toy boy like a Happy Meal
And you's a motherfuckin' duck, Daffy Dill
I'm from the school of Hard Knocks, where we scrap and kill
Pick the knife or gun and you can get the package deal
I'm hot nigga, burning everything around me
I was lost for a minute, took a while but I found me
The streets say I'm King, but the game will never crown me
Realist nigga doin' it, just ask the niggas around me
So you can't size me up or try to clown uh
Shark in the water, jump in and I'mma drown ya
New Orleans nigga, gun out, I'mma down ya
Put niggas to sleep like a motherfuckin' downer
I'm a Great White, you's a flounder
Fish and a bitch, I tuna everything around ya
You-Haul Gudda, moving everything around ya
It's Young Money bitch
At the top is where they found us nigga


Uhh, goons on deck
Marley don't shoot 'em
Silence on the gun
Watch a nigga mute 'em
The coach in the booth
Call me Jon Gruden
School these niggas, they all my students
All jokes aside, I ain't playin' witcha
The weed broke down, like a transmission
The Choppa spin him round, like a ballerina
Bitch I'm still spittin' like I ate a Jalapeno
I'm from Uptown, my bitch from Argentina
My pockets on fat like Joey Cartagena
Stunt so hard, it's all y'all fault
And when it come to beef, give me A1 Sauce
I ain't worryin' 'bout shit, everything paid out
You could catch me courtside in Dwayne Wade's house
With a high yellow thick bitch, with her legs out
Cash Money President but we in a red house
Who the fuck want it? Make my fuckin' day
I blow your candles out, now nigga cut the cake
I gotta eat bitch, like a run-away
Y'all niggas ain't eatin', stomach ache
Okay, all these bitches and niggas still hatin'
I used to be ballin', but now I'm Bill Gatein'
Fuckin' with my iPhone, bumpin' Illmatic
I'm on the road to riches, there's just a lil traffic
Hair still platted, thuggin' is a habit
Keep my guitar, Hip Hop Lenny Kravitz
Bunch of bad bitches and I fuck 'em like rabbits
Dope dick Weezy, ya girlfriend an addict
Uhhh
Haha


Tunechi, baby


Lord I think I'm ballin' too hard
And my girlfriend think she too much, all she do is get pretty
I get shit faced, don't we make a cute couple?
To a broke heart we look like 2 bucks
I gotta posse full of hittas and a pocket full of In God We Trust
It's been so long since I said "It cost too much"
I'm so addicted to the fast money lifestyle and withdrawal sucks And dead presidents act immortal, but I know you see money's not a problem
Bald like a butch bitch
Let's go on a shopping spree, take that shit to Goodwill
Money in the shoebox, what's up with all these shoeboxes?
Baby I'm my own boss, "Dwayne you gon' get you fired"


But I feel Good, I knew that I would, yeah, I feel Good
I'm smoking that good, I feel good my girl got that good, yeah
Girl your pussy so good
And these hoes is no good
But I got you, yeah
Girl your pussy so good
And these hoes is no good
But I got you, yeah


(Tunechi, baby, yeah)
They say "Boy put some money aside," "Don't tell me what to do with mine"
All my kids already rich and they kids, and they kids
They think money grow on trees and as tall as they grew I climbed
Knock knock "Who's There?" Ha
I told the bitch it's just money the road can get a lil bumpy
So on the low I got that blow and ya know it's gon' feel like a trumpet
I'm going home to my lil mama, she call me Big Poppa, she get hard dick and McDonalds
Cause she so tired of them Whoppers
I fucked her good so proper, she say my name in opera
I turn into a piranha and eat it like tilapia
She know I'm going through a lot so she say my name in Gospel
No weapon formed against Weezy shall prosper and


And I feel good, yeah I knew that I would, yeah and I'm still hood yeah
Shoutout to my hood, I was sick of stunnin' but I feel cured
Leave yo ass in the woods, yeah and these hoes is no good, no good but I got a few, yeah
These hoes is no good, these hoes is no good but fuck it I got you, fuck 'em I got you


And I feel good
Tunechi, baby, I feel good
Like diamonds on wood, yeah, I feel good my girl got that good girl, yeah
Girl yo pussy so good and these hoes is no good, but I got you yeah


Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
(I feel like, I feel like, I feel like...)


Yeah, hello...
Get lifted...
Yeah, I get lifted
Yeah, yeah, so get lifted... Yup! Haha...


I am sittin' on the clouds, I got smoke comin' from my seat
I can play basketball with the moon, I got the whole world at my feet
Playin' touch football, on marijuana street
Or, in a marijuana field, you are so beneathe my cleets
Get high, so high, that I... Feel... Like... Flying
Down in a cigar, roll me up and smoke me 'cause...
(I feel like dying)


Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying... I feel like dying
(I feel like, I feel like, I feel like...)


Swimming laps around a bottle of Louie the Thirteenth
Jumpin' off of a mountain into a sea of Codeine
I'm at the top of the top, but... Still I climb
And if I should ever fall, the ground would then turn to wine
Pop, pop, I feel like flying, then I feel like frying, then...
(I feel like dying)


Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done, that I feel like dying... I feel like dying
(I feel like, I feel like, I feel like...)


I can mingle with the stars, and throw a party on Mars
I am a prisoner, locked up behind Xanac bars
I have just boarded a plane, without a pilot
And violets are blue, roses are red
Daisies are yellow, the flowers are dead
Wish I can give you this feeling... I feel like buying
And if my dealer don't have no more, then...
(I feel like dying)


Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying... I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying... I feel like dying


I got some money on me
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I don't be politicing, I'm not political
F-ck you talkin' bout, bitch I'm Kenneth Cole
My goons masked up, Ray Mysterio
Bitch, eat something, I don't like skinny hoes
I hit her from the back, she on her tippy toes
I smoke that Green Day, I'm on my Billie Joe
I'm a dog bitch, BINGO
I'm a rich ass nigga, you bitch ass nigga
I'm from the school of hard knocks
You skip class nigga
Tell her buss that pussy open
Bend it over bring it back
Get some brain out that hoe and call that hoe a brainiac


I got some money on me
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I got some money on me
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
F-ck you talkin' 'bout, bitch I'm Kenny Cole
I'm a dog bitch, BINGO
Every bad bitch love me


I'm young money, tell em pop that p-sssy for me
Pop that p-ssy for me
And my niggas got the guns, they aiming for ya skully
Tell 'em pop that p-ssy for me
Pop that p-ssy for me


Uptown gangsta life, made man, 5 star nigga
Ya understand me, give a hundred and hundreds
1 hundred


If you a bad bitch, say f-ck them other hoes
I'm in my lane bitch, you a gutter bowl
Boogers in the watch, it got a runny nose
I like a pink p-ssy, just like a bunny nose
And we are Young Money, the untouchables
I hit her from the back, I make her touch her toes
I'm on that drink baby, I think I'm comotosed
I'm feeling real good, Stevie Wonder-ful
And everybody with me strapped, tell them hoes adapt
Shoot 'em in his head, he dead before he collapse
Young Money we the crap, no salary cap
Money talks bitch and mines yap, yap, yap


I got some money on me
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I got some money on me
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
If you a bad bitch, say f-ck them other hoes
I'm feeling real good, Stevie Wonder-ful


And we don't talk about it, we do it, do it, nigga
Shit can get ugly, Patrick Ewing, nigga
Them niggas can't see me, but I see through them niggas
And f-ck the police, on or off duty nigga


I'm on ome other sht, I'm stunting on them hoes
Bitch I'm smoking pot, like I'm on the stove
I'm in this bitch, bitch, I'm so Holly Grove
Them hoes treasure me, like a pot of Gold
Boy, you thin crust, f-cking Dominoes
I'm laughing to the bank, this shit is comical
We do it real big, astronomical
I make her fall for me, bitch, Jeronimo


Now get it poppin for a nigga
Show me what you're working with
I'm fly as a muthaf-cka bitch, no turbulence
Please know my niggas got them pistols for emergencies
I'm looking for a head doctor for some brain surgery
Some money on me, I'm bout to kill these hoes
I got some money on me, I'm bout to kill these hoes
I'm laughing to the bank, this shit is comical
I make her fall for me, bitch geronimo


50 shots in a chopper, break 'em off proper
You niggas can't see me, f-ck yo binoculars
I'ma coconut Ciroc'er, a beast like Chewbacca
I'm running this shit, I don't even need blockers


Priceless, fresh off an island, hundred mill
Bitch we the bidness, 5 star gangsta, mula, crazy


Hehaa Yea, 
Party on the beach, 
Pa  party on the beach, 
Party animal baby let me of the leash, 
I got my weed from the west, 
My pills from the east, 
And 2 bottles of goose that's geese, 
I gotta feeling, 
No Ceilings m-therfucka, 
That tonites gonna be a good night, 
That tonites gonna be a good night, 
That tonight gonna be a good  good night, 
I gotta feeling, whooohoo, 
That tonites gonna be a good night, 
That tonites gonna be a good night, 
That tonight a good be a good  good night, 
Tonights the night, 
I'm high as height, 
I'm young 'n restless, 
I shines my guided light, 
And ah, I'm living right, 
My health aiite, 
My money good, 
And my girl a dike, 
Sh-t, Lets live it up, 
No dying down, 
Lets shoot the bar, 
I'll buy the rounds, 
I'll take the shots, 
I'm bulletproof, yeah, 
Nike you just do it, 
I do what it do, 
I was drinking from where I came, 
When I got here I did the same, 
I Don't like beer I like champagne, 
So cheers to Lil Wayne, 
And if she think she get my number, 
Just hope my number don't change, 
Girl stop playing I got that p-ssy on a string, 
Now let's do it! 
Let's do it, let's do it, let's do it, let's do it
And do it and do it, let's live it up
And do it and do it and do it, do it, do it
Let's do it, let's do it, let's do it, 
I'm bout to really go in, 
I'm Going IN! 
Kush, got my dutch fat as f-ck, 
Weezy F I'm bad as luck, 
I'm already at the top bout to pull the ladder up, 
GO crazy, I need a counselor, 
I'm hip hops announcer, 
I'm in the gun club, 
Do you wanna meet the bouncer, 
Been a beast and still-I-am, 
Now I rock and still-I-jam, 
Few n-ggas wit me got that white girl like Will-I-am, 
Look up b-tch aint no ceilings, 
See me at the top controlling things, 
Anybody beat it's a muthaf-cking murder scene, 
I do it


She was the sweetest ever
Whatever happened to forever
She never say never, she rather say whatever
I'd rather stay together and she'd rather chase the devil
Now I'm left to race the rebel
Bartender make it several
Turn up the bass and treble
How 'bout I make it metal
I'm such a fatal fellow
And she's the reason why
Because without the muthaf-cker I'd die
I'd die, I'd die
So bury me today or tomorrow
Cause I've buried myself away
In the sorrow in May
I die before I wake
I pray I'm resurrected for her nightmares sake


But you love me
At least that's what she said
That whole weekend in my bed
But there was a speaker in my head
Saying "seek and you'll be led"
But instead, instead I loved you
I was weak and mislead
I was deeper than dead
I was sinking in dread now I'm thinking in shreds
So I inked this in red


But she loves me
She loves me not


I hate love
Yeah I hate love
Oh my God
I hate love


I used to tell myself I wouldn't do this to myself
Until I proved it to myself
And now I'm losing myself
I used to have my shit together but now
You see now, I with whatever
And now, you see, now, you with whoever, forever and ever
And everybody know I aint acting like I'm supposed
I'm attacking my own soul
I'm back in a lone mode
I'm back on that long road
And that road goes forever and ever


I don't wanna love no more, spare me
You can have my heart it's only dead beat
I'm sick of the love songs and the bullshit
When reality bites like a wolf bitch
She's on top, she wanna kiss
She wont stop, she don't wanna quit
Then I woke up and I wish I could sleep forever and ever


She loves me
She loves me not
I hate love
Yeah I hate love
Oh my God
I hate love


And I don't want love, I don't want love
I don't wanna love no more
So if you see her you can have her
She'll be outside my door
So tell a preacher, tell a doctor
I curse the very day you were born
Tell my lawyer to tell a judge that I'm guilty


(feat. Mack Maine)


Young money mothafucka
Uhh huh
That's right
Now don't you know
Ima beast
Eastside
Up in tha beat


Straight from the bottom of the cut
I give it to these bitch niggas like momma taught me
One man with no weopon at war, but I'm an army
My flow is capital attention lieutenant your penit pension
And they demolished that invention
You better get your dollars up
And guess what, I was up
I get my cheese like mickey mouse
Or else you better donald duck
Like a shooting range target
I get all kinda bucks
Be my shooting range target
Nigga I got good luck
Nigga bye bye good luck
Got your momma shook up
Lil bad ass nigga, who thought popeye wasn't tough
I'm on that lala twist it up
I'm on that syrup slow it down
And I like four freeks too, and I aint young jock but its going down
I buy that marijuana field, then I just smoke it down
Big bad wolf yes I just blow it down
No homo and to holly grove I will hold it down
Like a circle of knives I got the sharpest flow around


Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know they can't fuck with me cuz I'm da center of tha world)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)


Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know they can't fuck with me cuz I'm da center of tha world)


Bitch I'm Mack Maine
I got tha heart of a king, blood of a slave
Feel like I been there before, my second time to the grave
But its one life to live, that's why I'm gettin paid
Off a flow that's priceless, I just got it appraised
Spit like I need a raise
Blaze as I gaze, at the stars and ask the lord
Why the culprit at the pall pit
It make me sick to my stomach
That's why I rap, like a pregnant woman I don't spit I vomit
So pay homage me and wayne two G's
Like twenty hundreds
And we keep the semi's blunted
And we live like brothas from anotha
So fuck with him and mack gonna react like you did me something
That's a hint to you David
Throwin shots at Goliath
This the new testament, where the victor is tha giant
So you should get your way and lose the hate
Remember males shouldn't be jealous, that's a females trait


Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know they can't fuck with me cuz I'm da center of tha world)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know)
Future (I know they can't fuck with me cuz I'm da center of tha world)


I stepped on a fly, on a petal
Girl was a ho so I sat over better
I'm on my way to get it, but get it got shot
So I guess I gotta work with the little bit I got
Like "hey, I like the view from here!"
I'm so high I can't see you from here


Both eyes on the money, it's looking back at me
And these bitches just looking for a daddy
Pussy getting problems, can't live without em
The weed too loud, turn up the volume
Richer than a bitch, but I can't buy tomorrow
That's why I go hard, ho
God bless the world, and most people in it
It's anybody's name, but nobody's winning
Mona lisa smile, that bitch barely grinning
Take you off the face of the earth like a blemish
We wen't from boyz to menace, menace ii society
Now we get high, call that shit karate
Blame it on the money, the money is the bad guy
Smoke so much good, I don't even have a bad side
Yeah, I got a pussy hangover
Bitches eat me up like my name is russell stover
Murder the perception, make em get it right
If I'm flirting with affection, I'm fucking her that night
I'm a southern delight, louisiana pride
The belly of the beast, it ate me alive
Tell them bitches they'll never take me alive
Ever since the day that I took a walk outside


And I stepped on a flower
On the petal
I'm on my way to get it, but get it got shot
So I guess I gotta work with th elittle bit I got
I'm so high I can't see you from here
Both eyes on the money, it's looking back at me
And these bitches just looking for a daddy
Pussy getting problems, can't live without em
The weed too loud, turn up the volume
Richer than a bitch, but I can't buy tomorrow
That's why I go hard, ho




Yea.yea.yea.yea


This is the Carter muthafucka, yea


And in my building I must keep it real








And man I miss the times, we would shine, you would keep me on your side


You would teach me how to ride and you would teach me how to pry


Then we get on the line and go over our lines


We were in the same position and that's when you change positions, shit


I never change and I miss ya, and it's strange but I never forget ya


Throw that at you and them bitches homie


And I know that aint you wit that dissin on me


That's why I never replied and never will just let em live phony


If ya ever died I swear to God I got yo kids homie


What's mine is theirs I gotta give homie, and yea


We still a army in this bitch homie


Yea Cash Money still the shit homie, shit homie


What's really real is you feelin me nigga


That Hot Boy shit still in me nigga, word the giggity nigga


And I aint got time to speak the history


I miss you and I know you missin


Gizzle but








Man I miss my dawgs(yea)


Many nights club hoppin(yea)


Many nights we were blowin trees(yea)


Many nights we were hustlin(yea)


Man I miss my dawgs(yea)


Me and you through thick and thin(yea)


Me and you to the very end(yea)


For only you I was in the game(yea)








And I remember when you came to the click


I had already made my name in the click, but you got famous and shit


I got my solja rag and dangled my shit


I was down to just to hang wit you shit


And I banged to the boogie bang bang wit yo click


And I aint even from the 3(3rd Ward), my hood was angry at me, shit


But I rose to my feet, played the post wit the heat


At them shows while you performed and posed


I was waitin for a nigga to jump, see I was patient but was ready to duck


'cause you my brother chump


Real Gs never buckle up


But every family aint filled wit gangstas that's real


And that's real and I would never turn my back or turn ya down


Even if you turned around muthafucka


But history is history


I miss you and I know you missin me


Juve but
















You was my nigga, my nerd, my joy, my herb


My main muthafuckin man Turk (oh)


My other, my partner, I was teacher, he was father


I skilled, he schooled, we chilled, we moved


We dug, we hung, we ate, we slept


We lived, we died, I stayed, you left


Remember how we played to the left


And we stayed out of trouble 'cause we stayed to our self


Member Slim and B would leave and hand the ki's over


Tell me not to go Uptown and we went straight to tha Nolia


While I watched you reunite wit yo soljas


And yo moms and brother, while I lied to the stunna


Yea those were the times my brother


Now I recognize real and I honor my brother


Yea nigga sub mage my brother, the Sqad's my brother


The nigga you left behind is my brothers










Ha, pikaboo b-tch,
Swag scare your kids,
My airplane clothes flyer than your best this year,
Gorillas in the mist, pull back pump they fist,
I'm from the planet of the apes, King kong clips,
Slince lambs b-tch,
Run through your land trippin,
Can't pretend when this is real as it gets can ya,
If sh-t hits the fan, I Ron Artest n-ggas,
This how I'm living getting tatted in some house slippers,
I like my b-tches simple, laid back, relax it's mental,
Sh-t you know what I do,
Tell me what you tryna get into,
The man cars rented,
The man car killing,
Gossiping f-ck the car look at the man in it
Ha boys to man business,
We don't hire b-tches,
Just fire b-tches,
It's young money fire spitters,
The... Is with us
And they aint ate they dinner,


Beginners feast, feet lying fatality finish,
I'm killin these records they put me again
I really don't giv a f-f-uck if you witness,
You hear it, listen, buy it, steal it,
I still gon get my f-cking percentage,
I cuss a lot cuz b-tch I'm seers,
Young no beard, get soup,
Like gumbo with shrimp,
Flyer than Dumbo ears is, b-tch,


Uhh, now let me start by sayin
I don't like this beat,
But imma weather the storm Imma lightening streak,
Uhh, Weezy F baby, I do it big weigh me,
Them crazy freaky b-tches try to cirque du soliel me,
Got some new b-tches, trail got me laughing,
The one that gave me head can suck the nail out a casket,
Shot gun on the kitchen table,
The shells in the cabinet,
F-cking with me is like stepping on the tail of a dragon,
Where pussy is my cabin,
More b-thces than a pageant,
I keep a house full n-gga call me bob sagat,
Spending time backwards,
Hotter than a cactus,
And we aint in the building we the f-cking contractors,


Y ym, why muthaf-ck why hate it,
Young Money down your throat gotta stay hydrated,
Quarter bag weezy,
Young time brady,
Open up your mouth and catch a bomb baby,
Hehe good morning dude,
Eagle street car in tune,
Long joe, no short bread, no lorna doon,
I'm warning you,
We on the move,
Bunch of female dogs and garden tools,
That's b-tches and hoes,
Hospital full, sick of my flow,
Hip hop was washed up so I bought some change to finish my load,
I load millions and more millions,
Money to the ceiling,
N-gga no ceiling!


Step up in this b-tch 5 o clock in the morning,
The world is waking up you can hear the pigeons yawning,
Imma get that worm now,
Tell em it's my turn now,
Yo n-ggas need a lesson on some ethic you gon learn now,
I do this for the love of it,
Saliva cos I love to spit,
And I duke it for my future records
You gon love to spit,
Fucking with my bredren 10 years strong,
And he put them dreds in silver john long,
But he's more like platinum,
Hold up heres a napkin,
Pick your jaw up off the floor
And tuck your tongue right back in,
Tell me where is Mack Maine,
... (that's all I have)
