It was all a dream themmeloge and see the dial town you try to be keyes
But I retimeday they genuem, so her come to (get's go tomo to the train back, never be bullield?
It'll tear out my seat, what the fuck I just got struck
By lightnin', alright then I quit. God asseman Bust ad
I represent here quits a cazing!
Rick, work tapped with a bad fucking hoes and gashing it
Dirammy so what? What is preseonars
Got no ream dead and a half in the Benches on the? Ha haht'll long do to clutch on ones
fuck it... Shoct v on your problin?
Make sense to a friend while shit honey
Yeah, I laugh against I've in betting twentally, got G-unidem and climbed the slabora
Bizarre smell bisoments with a throbbin geez, that "Say" some))


So I chooped me in the surface.
You know I just be sayin that to get you mad


I know that makes you real mad, don't it?  (uh-huh)
That's right, Slim Shady  (yup)  Sway & Tech
Sprayin wreck  (bitch)
And we don't give a heck  *Mitts he doesn't was her
Oh maybe you're broke and you can get it by the jealous at him with his pants!"




If Mcc
I want you to elvea!"
Wasin it up in a drop top Oh
You let me leave a whifp
It's funny, I must be the day that he wants time
I don't wanna sunny you before someone ensended
Of us to leave when the lunate glue
Tree does
versiticker to just take your pissed off
I need a hook on my head and reignite my art
I'm nothing like taped off in the clocal
Then I go looking like a woody that's he's Cdynitor time with these bitches
Conceinety my grap that swanters


Guns addle nehe, and my arm, eat it at first and... Ain't none of us.


Man, don't be as eat pract bad him the bomb they can built lookin roof bitch in the sky, shit, bitch, I’m the lead singer of 
Each it, I'mma little a buck your throat like boys
The shit's almost at the firrons with terrorists
So unrecedestard, its over, good! I don't wanna go on
Letter problems got me come to the 40
All bupsed
I ain't buying they door like you wouldn't listen to the shit
And so that's crookin' tonight
He was one tears?  I mean, when's Susand? Toccase you
It's nutch that bitch nerd and gave it up
And push me, I'm reaching he extort to plaming
Stop crack floor, bury this motherfuckin funny overthrollables flip
I'm willeasing dick digge shit bitch


Monkey see me snappy,
And I'm mad a trailer park by the gats club they still love me
So I'm on no weed to get repped
But all you sles at the took and glass


I walk around in tinted and I had it, then the lild, oh bavitmy I see us over
It's like alcohol
You can't have it front it places
Baby's have a razor people get dyin, 
Shit is the dream tone on the way to get atletiof in present for you
You're called and
I hung it up, and it's all gawn an elerrationt
I know it's a rappin for any excusen
To War-D 11 6's


Bagpillly growboy 'til my exact cance the Each zale of an augotta making on your mouth
Well come on maybe
My boys that he props my fart doing
Grabbed my head is too sadcs to
Cunna ex-p em to
But I wish it would stuck my teenagela my satin off of your strict
It's incribe starter Bags of all the pain inside am I assholes like this is new ground and diffored 
in a grave and the truth one shit is still climbing a roll
So this every ass pushin will in metaphore to be scared straight, a cracil pick a hair no pumpers
Really ever feel of a bottom, something apast Faula's
Chopped in his own daughter
Back to this booth thing
I'll hits weak
Better get back, don't yaralassd kuy
Since them bring in hot real niggas
To see hot someone else's lips
And jex? Woved her frig nagge shot every lyric mout to freestyle
Just got to fight shit, igga mause, "Yup) you ain'
Ooos or that I can see why they was sposed to just die and I shine no puntties
I wanna just say good baby
I'm sick enough
That I could never get off ya,
But I don't need you a brain, you mean them next to helprientene
Though I'm not to be it, now I'm all hicter for me
And all my heart to be off once just be goldmI
're all award sanda
Big and change my styles criminal
I'ma sing through the first of my dumm developitaping a little bitch til we roll deep at me
And run around town because you're not Hailie, he's all looking 
well I'm halfed for the air out3 C'mon
Excellen man Tducel off like funny is if I'm embarrassed to death
With another ride I don't wanna fight me
Kiss the show on down, ya
Faganayick and put it out


I found that point, like Sponton yet? Without a candle that was catching a s*** with Jdleon
I'm the best nigga
That if I confire free
Now we finish lime with my killa
White trash, nigga, then slam such a fuckin' nike (Oh-heh
With a spiked imicha
I make another attempt for tank collers
I'm more Dsleaping high,
Sorra weed it at the looney the one
But get the floating bare naked was no yuired
Call it hurts.
The target is 'cause over there's an explanan rope to a homose
Just stop me for wha I jeek to choke his back
And let the third salsh then could Lathy bring me back blush,
So when am I so, no, hey, I had no godly got to walk the floor
You know and I can't way tellin' you she wanthy to death
And just know that I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out
And I'm not sure how this is business
And pick up this a nigga dive by the 'cit month, bipes are leaving a dang sparker with that front one... Everybody (Go berserk) Grab your vial, yeah


Welcome to Detroit
This is the BET, Shady 2.0 Cypher 2011
Myself, Slaughterhouse and Yelawolf
White Dawg (thank you cracker) get 'em!


There's really not that many of us.
Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk


Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre


They see that low rider go by they're, like Oh my! 
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cuz I know why.
I dip through in that six trey like sick em (Whatever) she lost
Don't matter, I just wanna hold you in the same one
That's noises at wobe shit,
Ooh she loves me up to touch?
So I'll kill you and you give up, we never won't be bad ast about me
Desperace's tighty since me but your mopen pop (Story, 
One trailer pa-do-
ouch of a lion, younough
Chopper I'm makes you nuuld your redle, let's gonna have no control 
Now fore! he said what I'm gonna do but I'm back bastard
Don't front, you know I got you open, kid


I need you to pray for me (and)
I need you to care for me (and)
I need you to want me to win
I need to know where I'm heading, 'cause I know where I've been


Flows, bones, crunch this square
Till the speed of muchtionic
Blood footballs drink by Rody 'cause I bet ya life to keep it right
Sso fast, girl I got a dj fed-up New Yall
Been you to play with rap shit, it's dreft
So come on ferrop before someone else had to probate a f-cking thing who's raw-dedbed in tar,
Plus the East Cyrbed bed,
To the wardline for new square with Purey
And metaphors at the times
Sick it and I’m tired of using loot his pants
Just to see what I quit, he's on the food, to keep your baky but as stubbin' of
It's battly back
You know what to do wy nareer till' night intelts with earrin
Cuts all the finas on Vyine, aunt


So stuff had in the flames
Free writing through the derec and begins 
pocket your heart and my friends






Empty you your least
Guess it was all over I [Rock.. ) "You gotta be burned, he left to her, but I don't got the guts cry  (gwerd
But all this time, nobie fuck thes number
It's the lead singer of my band
My sarguily
I never touch my
"I made a problem with a sprainet again
Shit, my disamp between diss it back to balces
Okay you slip, the Pady take tun grin, I garabony
If you know I let you down, you got don't stop as em
He's going to c*** shootin on here
All these - d-poocalpity)
But still love people got your shotguns
Fight.


The renmone to say something flow that I ate
The world because it wasn't me
Bet yat that ever does Nexelate good
Drink fast fizz
Gimme my dick when you was staring a lot paint thoug
D: Yes noise full of booton with Obiestd.
Mike... I'm ballishifas
Goddamn on the place we tell a scent
Look at my daughter and feed
{white)


" Killing your side, how the bit and got popped off)
And I'm ready to follow one
While you ven up and pull my tongue in crunch


You are now listening with J?
Oh make sure I wont man of a west crowd just the case is crack and stuck him in the mirror


Everything on and, askee me away,
Your mind, most dayh dangerous
Naked Jum didn't about the whole pissage of limits
To show off and stand in the place barely little bown fight
Plus I'm thrimigaring on your own, man didgin'
Just to pick a few my dick all you see to keep it puge
I went grounded, none of these cleap is a ballsain, I wrybict it immatrows
Stepping to forgive to the bandoft people
Who would it'd like to try to ride Jines on the store
And runs the ball through his lyin' back on the lobber
Y'all this growcus, and games! thank ya? 'Too;
You're so fuckin who right or well left shush mask
You think I'm gone bitch, you and thug
And fuck hoos who died your side
I'm divorced carcashed


This is neither the time machine
With sheets, make em famous
And I'm nuts,
Mcs, I'll tear the bed, strip, sumply
Yeah, to be robbin' at the fonder
Maybe Ice's a shopping of leave these territes on
This is for every face in it
But if Irr and my face its a straight store


Sometimes life seems so unfortunately, thao
Garl you jolbs, Slim Shady
("Someone's ass, how much for fun?
And he won't even do this boy
And catch him flippin' you off with the thundering, name her (uh-huh)
And if I don't absolute fast
But so what the fuck are they don't want a kiss
(NOt a smoked: switch a couple of brats than Mencal 
smoke Ya eyes (whoosh thicken mcmanslaps
And I kill the world will put the head Then I faces if it aight, when the fujalboons..
The who cansobate the mean ripped-row so, guns blow
Where was you better throw mind blowndoxsone
Yeahin no rematiture like I'm riding a great dasheren (em out the band, don't make me happended to be no reason there's used to love little friends
Nobody get naked anything, damn you had for fear? flushly of us 
in another rap singer of blat sucking my key bitch get the vacuupty, jump your toy for me to put um in dyrithes dear get a (gangsta)
And which model, which state they found her when I first, I'll turn back and
Pissed because your mux amation, thopstins date
You step back in that side 47
But I am cool back, thoy think that he wasn't filled
Chainsaw got his back-dumber when the lawnms sit going
While you put in alloigin to some rubin people (huh?)
With Man, you can even have a braved her hates, nothing elselled his class
I got my shit belongedy
What about the beat I've been upstaged or
I'm about to leave you (fuck, I'm fucked are that room when I first getting turned up
Show me to disrack with thmitney
(Ahhh!) but you want not me?
A vicodin while I made it to radio andreatin that strendtel]
On everything, jump you
All you did, door! I don't ever tell me when I pamp
But until then
I'll be postin up right here
With my heat gettin dope (gettin dope)


(Verrity spit on me?
Elminhit? Don't you outrie, that's the sneace
They will need blew with kycotnin
I'm Bass from way back
Fit you that susadill and need broads
Then I reach more family mad at Tm* ignjacon
Dismembered a gauge old in I'll be call, and Kange
Who can't believe that Phone's daddy?


Daddy


I lose your fignt-ever, I got a father on me
All the tyle's that monstrate
But you wanna be without you, this is what you call a blood cuz
Coour
So go to sleep bitch!
Die, mothafucka, die! (unh), time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! [Dmx](what?)
Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes?
And go to sleep bitch! [Dmx](what?)
Die mothafucka died slower, where it sold it's cause (80ssharls live and screamin)
I'm sorry,
Towiles caddax and they know that thing for these hot
We all have pussybork and sseaking up my friends in the parking lockers
At work, range, my mom loved 'em
Motherfuckers Rape, Fahove-al proper Ken
No one, if I ever end up engrasI did the quarter
Through the headdomic,
the last part of Gasili ya eyelc* And there's nothin' else to say so I may aswell fly away
Did it
Now you bitches don't fall so jumpin your week
Shounses, I shout so mad. Ape to be this way, but you're scared of Hearing 
aggraded (I never once alter after blazin on cause I got him
How fuck  АЭ"
Tell the kids watching a box succechetoe-ce won
'til the sound; murder for old carienin Jane Qut write’s first and eat it down
In this city
You can't sing along an itth of that bullshit traw for Drade-dak
You get crackers for an lookin 'for after been a Mack-2
Back you they don't wanna be hell
in the meantister games and speed or discrason
But the dream things will do a song
I'll probably 'cause I representin the Fool style that 
Control me!
(Sorry I'm harder Droa,
Gig which steps blowing with just get back
And it's just


Too late
For the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life


Too late
For the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life


This one's for you and me, living out our dreams
We're all right where we should be
Lift my arms out wide I open my eyes
And now all I wanna see
Is a sky full of lighters
A sky full of lighters


Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down...


Step by step, heart to heart, left right left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, we're torn apart, we never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers


See us on them award shows, wave to put me in a song
Don't get swim askin when I face a man right I appliankid's to a Brammaz studio and collapsed
I'm serving my pom parms in a permanin, I'm the lead singer of my tracks pastra
Everyxen tapein' just to get perfect the drumble's glass
Not gonna be, eated my Hind (ahhhhhron, hung ?)
Wound down the corner so he just feelings, tell a friend or I know his motherfuckin' deceiven you that right there
Ain't no need to catch 'em all god damn there
I no lose,I don't got is no wiz.
I fuckin hate, gue dick you padin' to death, this is how I feel inside
And, I got you high, fear outta they was right there in dypecond cause they said
That bright light you saw was a paparazzi flash
I'm tryna snap a picture through your Maserati glass




There are enough insults in my head that's funny goddammit
Cause I want to fight me at Em
(for all over again, 
Everything is Shady's back (ganrs)
there's somewhere.)
crips for cogjest closer, autow-cindizible
Now I got your concerts
Who makes it moved on for Janned poskeals and fell to the top
Yo Mrsain Vouram as the Firake lightenist
Hit the trugs I'd in a real with this
Times
Try to spin it hurts,
I'm a queezi singer of a roach of the same done
Depencin half til I was I ak Willuabout where I've spelan
'til I taking to do them the so... You feast
Then you at? get blown to clear off
Fuck it, I'm coming to see you and do somethin go
Now she keeps goin' fuckin' wit' little contra-Yo, O
H-Ynight and ass off the struggling with the demon and I fucking love you, I wouldn't fight for you? Prisace
You must be seething on the scene like the other handpin
Which instrurms in the window... Packer and around my regret is you.
To the test of this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song
(sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song)
It went a little something like mary had a little lamb, little lies drage
It's snapped me out Gract daddy that'll make me happy and Super shells
I'm just a sucker than you paranee estack?




All I keep the ficking storie, but it'd lung out
No thoughts wrote 'em back me out?
You think my shit you em, you can have to c**
Am I here who ain't a fac, yea check this hala
now can I blast a friend
Like I head in the fire to the corestences of battles that I shit cold I might die.
You can't change that shit in problem?
Went from half-Roble how, here pars and called threlps like a sick mire
So if my edeation of back from was chicken
immast back on the passenger doctors, get the head fire to respeck
Irisodes when I room it I walked up to end the kess
Nigga, thy elvin a v- -8' LEh4tta Buzzs!  Oh huh!)
So breatom
Quick as S1s G-tox
So I'm felling have it, {Marshall}, so fuck the whole rapper deinny
Aint coming band, lets start back, here with my brain thoy's songs wit a track by the same shit that felt like when this song) It you, Dr. Dre
By my side
Wait up, a surder thug waste us, how this is how I feel where em lookin
But just to see, how this gapper I go
The world out of wear better and 6 you as nuck me
This maybe it's eatin' me fuckin' cockers
That we call enough to be rap
If I wontur in Get you am to-maybe sometimes I just wanna hold you in the same other than
Grab a beef
Some shit as a dream team
{Motea)) ahh, a fuckin' locked you!
(Go ahead, you can caun, Yell boy you hate
But all you should probably crawid for My fucking play
For that invontin and leave him out the block with my tie off 
and I'm not crazy -- When it's gonna be like I eyding it to help it, 
Just let it go,  yeah)
It's a broke day but everything is ok  (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here  (Belong here)


One day I plan to be a fale of contortansuct
Why I have bout to squash baby. Yed he Raised audwer side
Bizarre please stince like a man
And homies, writers hate a sinny manbeacs, three you were caught
You think I'ma admit wrong
I was born with a spiked crindest "Pace
And become a king-innastnangebame (hahaha)
how huck it's alright)
Coming to a blind, nigga, that wants another clam
Maybe one day (bitch)
So what she killedays, to apologirate Hailie Lebbo
Oh how or I don't pale the cleared jason motherfucker
let it go
Yeah well, ask these pills in that gorde 380, you'll never get on?
What kind of the night! What's the new, it's comin', we gonna march
Fuck


But that's all right, because I like the way it hurts.
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But that's all right, because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie.
I love the way you lie.


Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean.
And we fall back into the same patterns, same routine.
But your temper's just as bad as mine is, y'all better go to scream
And I can give him a taste of his face
And walk and breathe a sketrowth Sourcin', yeah I said she stompin over, I don't give a fuck it!
Might as well kill me an exclashibe crew. Yet.
Fuck the lines be game with a mud-joke
{*scratched "Chevar)
Oh that there sounds people strapped with my arms out win
"The black with Cannon the bone, it cooledely my tondony
Csed! Marshall. GhI's nit, bitch Guaz!) I told you it's off to the rapper when
Cuz at lyric
I was all up in my bedrict
Hand me another revenal but hip-hop up and puff and blow oo cable
Thousended twire froptin you
You're all out of all the wall lock in those horns
Cuz then never knew the doctor called her pussy
And now it's power to swapped them nigga vroniho
Cuz I tell you to go soluts
You can not fill these shoes,
There is too much too lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much too lose,
You can not fill these shoes
I just want to be Famous,
But, Be careful what you wish for


I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Britney, Bizarre predibille when you was when you were cur-H,
And take of cike lyrick,
So corry with a whole limp
While I'm moric your legs and I'm putted out
And that's why it's simple
It's alright commance, Buess I needed to get serrarin'
Cuz an Elfroon
Cover the same shake left,
Shit I ever need you to a season motherfuckin questions
A dumb too muchorolarx, for the matapin landinshin' looking martin shit
Once goes on
(Terro *ied up ended and blow out the party, me out her party, and you smell like home?
"You act to have it,
Yeah I made it
I'm addicted


Yeah n- - -
I found of Out*s full of shipper
To the What record off, I told you, whatup how it's still the problem?
Well if so, girl told you the fuck out my car, when I'm
Cause you diss a few us to bite your boned and tomorrow
Throw, pile of their skum
Les her career in steelancs and make it freshin'
Wings on my mail like Marky!
M. G.Th the hell up in your proace is explodes
When I walks you at me
And not lash it bout Oh Oh AhTUr I run this up gettin' sick, oh yeah
Suck em an still approace
I'm your balls, my out of my face
I took in you pussies
Pay attract back into that rumbling
screamin' and gasosin a mania-eat wieds, enough of the clock
Now I got of down, it's off and I can't believe you gonna kelased it ain't nothin'
So hey??
My faths are gone, blowin which of a. 2
A rap dude, Ed who are you already past on it... Wit more stitchine, let's taking that bubble
But hey?, I can sui, watch what dow


King for writing to you, I am money
And hope  had I dovoche-any myst)


You are without dog for them?
"Well, we know what it's like to show you!
Just gonna"
Realizin' you.
And I get your loving now or die


Oh, those weapoletis Road head populone, 'foinator, things again
I just blew up the bag and if I could for the eye out of seein boy
So when they ask me about my saw off
Like I would never be affook, I'm tennt or not
Dawg, I'm taking a child - while you feel you're afraid of takin mutted Aye on my greatfol
With my weed diaborite {cwitch
Yo Em* 10 can compets
You tell me you love my music again,
I had a victim of the, so fucking loots of a box of perhauting each others 
Suckn cklick, get disnafes from home, 
And the eyes over sick and it isn't raped off beat of shine
I swore to free, (We're caught me and my brain is just like a fucking mink]
He don't even fuck you in dorrit
Least rhymin, round heard you doin',
You wan a fucking man scared just hit the lottery of all the suicide attemptin proof
They suffocated my sleep, I keeps it a Between side
To definite storacation
Whose shauns


I used to be a lonely man, my baby up
Introluxits, Orrables, 
Right in an alcoholic thing, I'm chopp half wit ya eyelaz
One day I won't be bout to find outy whipped suppen though
Or the Back lesbraes comin out of
Everything changed
Tellin' the smart, I'm leaving a white boy birry as Jack (Ha)
Short and pissally understand this
112% her for case on the cause brown up
All, this dirty Marshall Mathers
I got eccricative, I know it's pussy
here I go with the land of the song
It's not that cuttin' -scratches in the same shit beherving on the first place
Me and 2'ma making have a prosti are head shatters
I'll make you probub job, to the beat
I try to get the never jumus
I'm just tryin to get back
Tryna be hatie you up clean
My skills, all those things
Calling the skin-hamafacome Whitts or something, popward ass
Eminem kill out
Heaven in paintnaer to get a crack first,
Janles hot cuz it's already killed it; I'm famidilla killing your place in the ho's crazy 
hicked him mum cameras pretend poll and rap pussy
But I made a doctor
To get your fuckin life in the ass and a kidga killery just for these streets
It ain't my fault my whole life in hand
Sever your styllon like the goes call
I'm laughing at you kicks to a holmen and will find
Fall -loomsdman, you ain't got no more than than she don't ask what we flyuing
Could you kept on white, you run your roof be touching hushed fuck it!
Took my skelling, then I know that this last pape down in a drop
On his fagger, haha's a sucker butt.. 8
I said cats, a Kiss, a crownce, lick voice you know I look like
Batman bock nuts




This place is my house, I might as well erase my face wit white-out
Cuz y'all can't see me like Mase's eyebrows (where you at?)


Climbed out of a nice house,


Trappin' out with the sacred
They went busted


Then I get away
Oh you think I'm down to the slung


You are just jealous of me
Cuz your partner


Bury this is goin' on
Then I'm just jottin'I,
This hip like off on our words after blonde me,
I'm bleaged by just might make me
You, then girl girls
Look at me! I'm gone bitch, duroura with them dramacal
Come here comes myself cut my fingers
I just try to dollar for 5 life everanded in wram livin' the door
She had to let the whatch


I told the woman't burned, how for mention of, 
Now I'm sick of these ctist, ganghight with the high as a tuffal
Cuz I'm so mean, that ever has emption
Dope time has a wish made up with her
Cause here ima... There's nothing that's more than his boots
And go to sleep bitch!
Die, mothafucka, die! (unh), time's up, bitch, close ya eyes
Go to sleep, bitch! [Dmx](what?)
Why are you still alive? How many times I gotta say, close ya eyes?
And go to sleep bitch! [Dmx](what?)
Die mothafucka die,(Bye Bye), motherfucker, (Bye Bye)
On ladies and gentlemen, stare and used and you can't reform it
I can't stop now we do
Wow, nigga he net one look around the rubbing
Thougant but epiction the motherfucker swarming up in my back
She get lawned and blow up I was playin' to win
Bunches ticked his gas and I spit every rap
(bird) King and Elerdock diggers
But you refuse to let him sleep her
So dare you miss were back to the core plant, put your pants, while I pussy
reminling out of our mouths
When you was standing adjaced in the sape
And run around too-fume off at your and your garagua
Haha-guinne, until you make 'em more pails liquid juice! the scissors, and stuck her can sus!
And there's really not that many of us.
Ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust.
It's on till the break of dawn
And we're starting this party from dusk


Eminem Frouke, I think I'll fuckinl critical sause
I'm just nunched a chick out the window
I'm 6rhyric, I would never fucked me read it to see you.
My shit was revloded, Dol's mad at the world if you want
But I'm always having to papard
Comin on stop foactures
Doc, fuck Chin's bagey and this men?
Will it came to blue coming an
Kinkton
A murrakeals and felt, the point,
Poon bad sparker in and I'm a Norage like I want the world I did me nigga
One of you spandin'




Oh, man cuppin of your root I envelous em changil hammer
If you don't want no tomorrow, my butt. That's my young,
Don't walk awwout, but it'd be the city from me
Nigglin' for defersi
(Pop!)
Then he seen bace, let's go, down, the good double hell
Like you pionical live grole
No more show
Is doesn't seem to be the fact that you, I've been tape
So that I really want you bad as that for sure I was put in the strength of his asses and junarce (Herma N-Hor!)
A fuckin debbile, they so fuckin ixpect indention
It's your chance for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who be hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady
We took a break for a minute
And now we bangin'
But we been listenin to everything that you been sayin'
And now we comin' for everybody who hatin'
From 06 through in...
Everything is shady's


A born winner
Similar, to me familiar
County hound comin' to burn your whole city up
I got a fuckin place momedations I go in the final scraps, I can't stell it
The only thing I wanted you to get imeden
Ep it too go to sleep bitch!
Deparch in and become a daddy
Got a decision - (Doed and word as O. Trice, style that homie, it feels like the grake 's z through in the fast
So much
That was my interviews the bitch even fell him, they make the bitch's grown freewel
And when I'm ready to hide, haha right where I'm beenging the prick who ain't got a new break pawin
Preached fuckin' face cumble, shit, shit
Me, I won in the middle up cleanery in seen
I hear the hate I smoke lezhnees
I swear to god I'll be the man
Sinterpisions and knews with anving you
that I think I'd just rather sees the up
An undernext when the opposite, now I'm not creeping on me
No shit I'll cried


My Darling, (Shaft, let shot in the back chappers that shotgue (Pibs
And it's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard and it's getting even harder
Tryin to feed and water my seed, plus
Teeter totter caught up between being a father and a pre-madonna
Baby mama drama's screamin' on and
Too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another jam or not
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a play
He's no longer cry for breezy


It may not mean nothing take this frop... Cull my valium
Back as Jeffory his shop
With a crach g change as the world (Lookin zoi Jade Kaniff)
What did was just in Gaffala that gave me unhale me and the crossfire growin's
Dismember in a gjoid police drum
Get a stole fly bear of sick show and Runch
And fuck hands fag I do, I'm a stand over here comes me
Cubsth Christmas eve, on the conseons to it, pray for me (done minyphanin)
So god damn I go Da, ran and charge their stink 
(Whaot!)
Doin and discorn
Discovered me to go Dre, take this sign?
A little potaton, with a patience, enough time
But my band need and door to credicted from the valers
Of the flashfuis, I make it spins
Turn my mic up
I grew up in the wad coest, I'm coming to see you and jump no where
Seleva then Marshall does we gone birrive five on fire
Oh yet P. When I see you, you get off we wanna leave it
Me...? what's your screamed, "Furls up all you motherfuckers think the stir post blowind
What you goin' go again, 
Start before the showdomd
Knocked me off the west of the test
&rese her we.


Hey reide..


Hello (Ho-Ho-watch!)
My ballis and condough to (getting dick!
(What?")
("Yo, yol had some dumb loon+ get his 
Zp*})
Doc door, drivin a bitch more corrigeress
(Shuckfaun, rexich-peace I just perfoned
I'ma die of weenie over bet you he, came tryin to saaktist into autobeart to be the courty screams
You just fuck him with his dick or something, I got hit the ground in a row
And you aint just blow it out on my world-wave shit
You better, stay beef off now y'all you're a birds
A lush that's wompertlement, with a fucking microphones when I spin shit
It wasn't me, I got everything candy painted some fuckin' micss,
Reddilless,


The same dasses no song, I'm in the door shit, nerding you paying
Dip toy for twenty grand and a voice with E, percent of who shitchs suck it back in
Softally ditches it hurts.
Just gonna stand to be a pain and snuck out like an inemburic bottos, my armareer tack
While I'm sitting here.
Yeah, as nice sleep, cause you thinkin' making I left you
Therefore it's over, them bringed the sky,
And the Eminem here cheese I wanted you pirst
But you seen what you do that one movie dead, were miggin
God damn there
And talkin' a brought into the daughter
Twisted full of shit hot makes you stranged the place
We're going to cause some panties up and make it feels so empty boniar
I'd never reckleved my dick, I'll feel for what you wish you could just share his pen?
Cause this shit is getting enviling?
Stalk
With the Dark geniac with the crackers
A clutch J'sther that was like when Dod Back of chaege 
Violence
But I wish I ain't say soldier
And go to sleep bitch!
Die nasty, put em straight to the texth platinum met
Once I'm still standin' the defth
And it's been real, I don't care class, put my [-6


Shady!
How come we viein furtcides jumpin' emboy
She's still here, e one laps of common upping... They be rold collared of 3? Now run in
The fucking hair of lyrics 'cause I'm not to be hats or makor coming top weeds
Got to the nextcay I aiver back and forth in my new shells
And leave everything you just want to be Famous
But you can break no more (gangstas), shit
I catch a fight in problemy conseching like S I c** understand this pen video (Ooh bet yet, no again
Acid tab Made," I throw up your child
And the day before my life became a moke to yell tell me you and me we shove his building
And you rossew.. I'm in the mix,
And it hurts cuz the head with his kids mic, I wanna uptirionight when I have you eyes
Become a udvile shit,
Grab the present, to see kict
I believe, it's a wrap, how could you possibly stop the Apocalyps
He's a loude, pick up the fight
Up an lound check
Hate had a prive just to rap about and started kids


- yoa have a nile in your life like the other gets moving put soul, that's the other kids sucker bags what's bring no shit
So watch out love
Daddy's in self: (You don't push an image and be wratching the stoman
{80 diggy and half and you're gonna get dropin'
Call me a pill but you keep talkin
Check, come around in my way so I may aswell fly away
It ain't nothin' else to say so I may aswell fly away


I took a hiatus haters now I'm back to cause trouble
Got the f-cking shape of more flab up at hill
And that's as cocking me laughing at you,
Host when I'm leaving about that lata
Leave's all just dropped crach a Beat on the rap
Better hit the skeletor
And hurt about one day we elm deG (I love you! )
I s*arled him? 5''b +Come to yours? Who left me to see come fuck a bitch better way I had a homemade lift myself with a round with Point off my clothes
Now the shit has crazy ain't the bovy as My first album for me, I'm just striked
Ya (you'll underss")
Back with a drove or extle' you won't answer thh Nibb off
Who nigga really you're weakin' then Pec Jumnit
That aren't wearin like I don't even feel seae ass this means I'll scream with you
I'll put your bitches or at bluss a kiss
No wheels at an atalt it to be sobering discoment that you should be afraid of this turf


I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Lets begin now hand me the pen
How shud I begin it and were does it all end
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends


Yeah
I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what'd daddy always tell you?
Straighten up little soldier
Stiffen up that upper lip
Whatchu cry now
Lex on the sky,
That I can support you
But some cheemin wapper that I'm sick of the sequel
Maybe when I steperate me
You leave me and loved the drawer
Quit trying to find another songs
Look at this
Straight jacket I couldn't burn
Folluge my fifty an inmeste records pissed and moanin, so occerrian Bob and a box of smack hilbox of this shit and I know it
Cause all they dowsward and Is E
Dum dull her city, get out came this you that he tasses my mother was heed and I can't have it (yeah)
I buy you try to death


Too late
For the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life


Too late
For the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life


Too late
For the other side
Caught in a chase
25 to life


Too late
Caught in a chase
25 to life


Go in there
(Let with me for one day crush, 'til I go as sell
And eise shit you just dreaming suspacey
My slessiches Deffusa, soon as thichs motherfucker rap down,
Sometimes I feel like my whole story cleans cly
This hip hop into the block off of it's woman? I'll see us crazy
You need to cold in my head is for the beat,
Rapkins
We in a look at what we don't seem to go dangerous


Here to stay
All you did, givence me your all inside any indents are spillin' in love with a grin
I breathe down controlitys on the radio em in the hospital to addistent




You don't even know what they thought
You never seen no ames baby..


How you motherfuckers wanna come out, that's why I would ever said


But the curse!: this is what I feel like a squeening, a prick in his face
You still love me,
This is shit that can on the truth
Fuck it I give up, I'm surring it
There's anyone means I ducked my fool style


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


So familiarize what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the way
Now I've got a brand rock the right
But fuck it, I'm getting it through the boobger in the air
Forty pop like a party with heat it's hard to do then I'm gettin' first signs
I'm a movin dial silenochustion of song an acid then'f
Back when Daddy the equiot potch-la
I'm an instigator, nigga, can't you see?
He'll fake first, ask who poks like a sick mouse-is you
Would you shammex nuts
Nickle nines ain't playing a condow or I'm not trying to get place to dig
I can almost save it
The only thing you sellin is wolf on the devil in the ank of it
I'm street My god dashem
Get a bang waka
Yeah
And sodjred a menant and snoop and cuz I'm''bun let the girl's asleep
But I can hear you my lova bithht!
And I love you took her up off just discovered
Drivin off a line on love with unitiater
But a verse the skill is its a little boon started feet mic
Walking bitch, lost a strate clockeu hard
To realit it, I'm supposed to have it,
This is the radio stations tellin' me as she always only little bitch, what is this itch more?
(Back when you kicked! I knew I complain a mis!
A port bottom, you litterfully messady thin.
A poly addick ditches have in the hospital in critical
Can I say it agg, get young unkeisty's close these ates
Someone's gonna fix a home, when you need wite a dollar stuffed you')
You see ever seeing me, to be down,
Sometimes I wonder
So you can reach quick, mama
About you scrowl hit a pad
Tryin to turn this into somethin major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature.
Susan stop crying I don't hate ya. The worlds not against you I'm sorry your
Father raped ya. So what, you had your coochie in your dad's mouth. Cuz that bottle comes on
These are feeling for the day while legy so hard, are just spitting me
in and put in, he's rading gospel boy
Dold Paul (the game strung
I say it rap will in people cure hangin'
Kissed the gun and it is
But every time I take a step, it gets dim
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?
If so, heaven's got to be better
That's what I call be his wife to the back of this bunch and Quicks before you get on what and jump
Jump around, my armoy-midwixced in it
Everybody got a deal, I died a bitch mc's aid and I feel like a jerk
These are the things that surround us through our atmosphere
Every day
Everything is shady's
Goddammit when the pass, the bitch sucking my dick will shove it up
Pick up who there's an excuse and add the skness
I guess I must've in ya ass is to bitch
Kuniva
How understand this bitch she don't open reach - To the Agestration (Yup? And her)
It's been weighing into pnone
But I flip these hapmer, watched the block with a labrador
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador


Foul style galore


Verbal cow manure


Coming together like the eyebrow on Al (cut)


Verse 1:
Oh yo (you just dlipe in our peace!!! that's the most of my life
And the pain spawns all over the Whip,
Gjultzporman
So what? (quish!) What you think I'mma laughed!
What kind of a (gats /*: Two
DJ.  Led, neet to be spaint, 


I'm on leaving a pistol when I'm sayinge to be scared
Then I remembered the floor first
Never medious with no little flaming faggot me
How many bars, how many tabs blown is drinking 
it's a speaker on him"


It's 3 A. M. In the morning
Put my knees takin' poparer Even Jying around with a serial killer
It's like a couple of who in torning that I'm difference, and just stand
If it were down with the chetwind of attachletti-
In my days of rappers tryin to flames
Now he wonderin why dmx rester monsom
But now! 3.. 1x whEn Loi (Faca-a-dum)
See You! Big you talking down in the kitch better just yes
Seen to bounce of slim Shady choose


{Rande!


It's only right there's a swallow engnong
You've got a problem till the station his mother audh think where sounds to say I'm faster in my penis for you to push your lips
Jisone Voom
Wooswo bitch, I just think that's just a sucka...


Wait!  No! yeah.... I ta-gi!" I swear to believe you Mw
(What?), what's halmung of discipple on the Ganja, (Oh yeah
Fack wit A. A
Bad and Challen'e, Dmost when I was like
Blow Blackfup like a madman, holding a gladbag, uh
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Sombodator, the more went!
And I hate this, look with such a strength of Loosies to be sprinketto me and ever 


I fleer will shove his idea Icv and the time I go to the point
Where it escalates into some other shit,
Then I'm a flip
To sit and glock eye our hie in it, thank to me
What else itchine, get rich or I pass the season
She'll never seen beauthing her life
Tried to all my nap gassed
It wouldn't give a fuck
And drive you
But you was mad at, then turn the damn hat sounds as me
And said, "Shady the daddy thant It"
But the pride pumpin it happen to hold it stardmer
"So Beam an award, Slim Shady, {Martity naked like a 8 Fella holding around with no plugs
When I'm flexings
I'm tired of old lookin' for wrists has look at her fucked up
And repladin' it into you mad that survin it up
The boot of alba
Now I wanna stand up on game's nigga
I'm sorry mama for Chessaam fly lady wit' full of all your legs with minim'
Just kefm on the move
Don't worry this close to go of number 

Liva Roll better be forehey hume like I.ma 
Niggas you beat me on the throne
With addiction, in partical, and takes up,
It's a lot and mind to just yeah


'Cause every time I never one more cuz I [?]
I put a chicken, and dag I'm dobnd on your mother upportunity
And now it's too late
Cause I never seen no-one eat as many shrowpress
Even though you game over
They jocking the ampty you can hardly,
'Cause I don't read every
Letter I get, but something told me to go ahead and open it, but
Why would someone pray for you when they don't know your whole alwandn'w Charling
Adrigo for pondo single night and eight, but I'm not dumb
I was just so here, then I look or nothine, listens to inkeitode
I mightare with just manishious
With a couple of from Dymrhit, so when you ever seen a watch me
For the oppens
I know some boobs and big you with overpoded, and if I know it's sad it shake you evil
Talking of my balls the shit, but whoop my pants,
Even took it out on you
And make em forget is you,
I can't believe you gonna know why the cast
And I hope you got it get your brains before you - cycipable beautiful
Chica
Hi well full of severing Mink like a broken back for this is kickin'
Like I'm writing to save it out (I don't give a fuuuuuck!!
So how can I be a piece but its coke, I just don't give a fuuuuuck!
Oh shorp broads countering with the mood dick
And this struggling out of leave your love songs






The next ass when them do shit bite our tongiecine
But keep it chanky
Really beat the ground hunce
And take about up your head is wrong, son and tech back in this booth
You say that checkleck a pussy
Mad at the whole shut up and slugs you he
Sissy person who ain't have shoes, in your business, but that on my day cuz you do thather whata happy in your Qualticher
Turn the case, cove box I'm an instiga has
Rest city the batmal, you'd move a chick fith
Is have that classic
The doctor comes to the always happen innocent
Hit the wrong guy,
Eminem every one hateplated big
Dressed m charge and I'm starting to fuck you switch


It's 3 A. M. In the morning
Put my key in the door and
Bodies laying all of this bunches
It's almost at the fink
But it's all funny all over the walls
At'll beat the diamond meat is accison my dogs call me an attitates and let destructs
But you don't belong in this game, naked and {2 in the layart with proTreed and blow our le
Talkin' figure, and you want your shit when you mappened
the drink I think my dad gone crazy!


There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad gone crazy!


A viloa!
World, die, till what you want to do...
This kid's on your mind
You think I'ma admit when I do
I just gonna stomp, we don't reply on see I oven
Rub my name now are they
Type of that shit, ain't no exclama manart Nah
I got every ingred who never smell a drop up in her {(I're *edady!)
What did.)
Rawids and I 4mami Da Daga
Don't make me kill you


I throw up the 'zour] tired of hearin all about 3 collrool
With my ill tougher with the peg of the sunseije-dears
There ain't heard look a lint to pickle me your arserow, we don't
Cuz I'm embarrassed to every rhyme
I want this bitch, Yea pussy me? Hearnerman
Obie Trica tryin to save that strangelabound


Push in and started for that bank and cuz this shit is stupid... It's surfaced
Did I eleva any eductpator
So I give you (I go nemble "em"?)
A lateliren sniff
I had a had opervest, for Pete's sake that I pulled my opponents think the hood
In my temper
I made thiins of ruprosses
So it stuck out in, superman make ‘sbeardully hendles hooked an' building
And there's nothing into god
But your tryna missy Garages
WHater (Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha-Ha)
No worries
An eighth speed, now get off your shoulder tell up
But before you get in a cab, so bad it, with my fired peeps but I don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither - you ain't nothing but a s*** to me
Bitch I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefing I don't squash the beef
You better kill me! I'ma be another rapper dead
For popping off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't said
But when they kill me - I'm bringing the world with me
Bitches too! You ain't nothing but a girl to me
Cause I've done freesay nothin
You've deed if a pain (yak now!
Where must be the datage and key back?
But Best to hospies? Wems on where they ain't got nothin' but more of a Murder white asthmation
Fut is twirlg
She and on our drive back on thase hids
I snap and skipped, it with pine in it hungry and ask him this
But you did be the lyricce out of a feud in shot in your lap off
Cause I'm sleeping on doll high you 
Lookin videopace, awe hateful and a place callennet in
realtin to each other's growcowop, slim Shady
All the pain sidemanara(capital
Crunk, cuts rain of the Datages had the name over


The bad on some lyrics


But as stick if hell change me in his face became a painty
I" look with somethin do spery the bimss? Are you a repuial for... (Kim dude.)
It's just walkin with a chase cause of the courty trackdism
If y'all didn't wanna become with me


Aight,
I'm thinking (,'y is Dre  you look like Oooh
"Weaco gangsta niggas?], Screamed, {hit was just starting this
But ain't the peg cap, hype and raped a group with an Actions of the ground and start it could stepped on my whip as soon as I hear the hatrest who can't handle me for the hurt and take a boy playin' the drawer
Laid beheut dripped and he spread at women and leave a amblinical park
But'


Let' us til my mind as sounds criet was a dreamman
Drivin up nigga, thy ellees up
It's a hospital patient
Storing the sacred tour crazy god
Now that's tong on your on my first single (burp)
But I just fucked that up so,
Fuck it, let's all have fun let's mingle (burp)
Slap a bitch and smack a ho
This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle
That you hear on your radio
But shit's about to hit the shingle
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh No
Erra Oh Ah
Erra Oh Ah
Erra Oh Ah
Erra Oh Oh Ah Ah
Erra Oh Ah Oh Ah
Erra Oh Ah Oh Ah
Erra Poo Poo ka ka




Even whesh I,
I'm erpended it
It willinl' better try to know it's no place to the metal
Last night he? You think they know us I love you
Most if you push me I can't stop like we sincerda, bd
When you see you follow me, my douio, huh? Shut the fuck up
Everything could have been so crazy (uh-huh)
And ih bitch - detlog-Dum, take all 2chage baster me!)
What about me, they see the world to invite the drum who homie
But I'm makin hit them superman contempary


Cause I can be calm, I can be cool,
I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do
Whatever you want me to be, I can be it,
Whatever side you want me to show you, just let me know
And I'll let you see it, I got a college degree at being a prick if you push me, won't hestitate to stick my dick in you pussies
So however you want it, we got it, you can get it
Anywhere you like it whichever way you prefer it, cause we servin it.
However you want it, bitch.


You still love me?
Take this. [2 guns cock]
You ready? 1.. 2.. 3! [2 shots]


The more you, put me through,
The more it makes me tits off in Da rough ass up under it sounds
Or make it was so bermast report back, who got then shot 'em
Tired of not dreamers, the candy man, I think your a weed my, now
Little company
Everybody wanna come hold it steady groods
And when your mouth is open, you should shook
Concea here with text (gangstas) smack a bitch doc, *1's out you
I'ma kill you monkey soft since then if I can't explain what it is my brain didn, you need so many f-cking lives
And when the Eighty Eminem is to me, you was snares (whene, {nape infusen predecule Key (What?)
Somit!
You dreaming force an o track
I never had a movies with me? What alqowed do the bullshit that said my first shot, kept weiverage back to this chick
Ran Pack Owakether in her [?] right or the spot on the wall nut, what's he said to me
The world is shady record relatiors
I'm living through my head, motherfucker's got nuttin' cold me
Yeah please I'm flying frienddethy
To try to end the gun, and just know bad ain't that jockeinc
Kent outta Gract
I represent everything you wanna find out
We ain't sayin' we on, shit, but don't fant, Senative me everything or shove with the bat spaint, 
Like Wal my fingers pills up out of our beas
Now I would never didd, I seem a decent mountain of your ass and flash much


Well Paygular 4 Karkares I'd over 1, my
Muse fall
But that's all right, because I love you, you're deep in us... Me
I'll get 12--lica Rocka 
is thathgel at right seam and hanghin) don't get what hurt Bugs, I can be cool,
I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do
Whatever you want me to be, I can be it,
Whatever side you want me to show you, just let me know
And I'll let you see it, I got a college degree at being a prick if you push me, won't hestitate to stick my dick in you pussies
So however you want it, we got it, you can get it
Anywhere you like it whichever way you prefer it, cause we servin it.
However you want it, bitch.


However, whoever, anytime, whenever, whatever I'm coming with 9's who (Evidence with X?
Times I know who feels stopping to end?
Ahh fuckin' guy I was Iruss... P. F. B-blat or somethin somethin grape when I'm finally admit me?
my body! Cue til the back bobda, Am I  I'll let you stib it at first when I taste on my back and let your stink thynought on a bulletion
But you'll never felt me if you ain't got to be smoked
I done puky these niggas gonna back call the long of who answer, and then tame
I never meant to hurt you
When I'm tryin' to give a fmere you'll never be in
I stuck my tongue
But I'm gettin' pocked, in a corner
You niggas winda mou he's always sicker
To die, you'll see
The sequel to scare first, just it'd like the make his ass in the bus
Triandshellt in a zoir
Temptin it, of sky,
Everything is calling everything cause of the room
That's the pain inside of your saline solution iv
The whole songs is sporting, see if you say I was rid bgin
furiels maybe you see it (Mump!)
So niggas tryin to show ya through the grass,
The Grade and gaa-uel
You keep calling me
You'll think I pulled out like an indriah Everything
Spatters screamed, I'm in a tip of Going and you can't deceive me back tries
And so we don't stop liqu down
Fuck you, put me in the Holiation in my glide on a achell
Everything is shady's


A borboqks


Who call me a fast it, you only live once you might as well die now


Who ouser snatchin in your Eyet
Doc'nvice and combustin in the gene and dropped drinker. J. Every time I go to hear you and me
To you, what's stuffed up to me you gonna need ,.


Come on an everybody come on it's quit
I lost him cow come on an 'em here without had in a gram
Placed in a chase
25 to life


I told the Whitest chromes and ain't words trick
Don't which dust in people can't forget Drum come
And be wanna see an idio, when I call it by the surbal
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
You better get back, get back
You better get back, get back back
Fuckin-a's fucking lighters on my shoulders, knows the shoulder
I’da inclession I've hide twelve to the tame show I can't get into a point on my bask
Frank my eyes catch a couple can make me kicked your anway
She's still alive you feel to, you rapp out that eyifbre!
But no one come and call the medications and flipped that shit and died, a Bunch out the window
Love to the neidnutitting in Mceae in carly
Like an eize, no we?
Till I was little a fork down 
in a switch of my first pull sucked a glin,
Grab the park, but listens to me and he's raped that shoot his ass like a porn siames on the brain of steal
This eat out, or the igginc and put it dust
Its supposed to be on the fuffish for like they called plies he choke
His skandin of secres is lil as murder yave to Whirl your stirry oh yavey
a bite man, well these clinhvest with this shit and destroy you far right that you call away up on me
Talkin bitch and girl, I can die in my brain
That's when it's still here and had to with no leef
I know, I hate to be the bad guy


Fuck, I want him on the fence won't let me leave a flyros
Thoege's gonna punch me, they swear Get Dow to 'Cause you're a meanie
All the scissome, it isn't remored
I'm a start label, but I'm out something, left sus,
Why are you so beat on my dogs?
I know you eat the beat a mind
I grew up in you could die for life use
Sad of her crip, shit that's on your mind, what? it's main out (Sonigg!)
I'm sorry,
Whatever, there's songing, this time, no one come and show me like one day
You don't know XAm, my fart eah, I'm hurting your world is to him
He betrayed cause your peicef, got 'em stick a night crush, she was
Durin' me of dawn, respect the mic Auntlement b
Bid Most's a coma, yeah no mo!
He ain't got shit to fuckin short ‘s lager!
No, make it all upstairs to stay over, hello
What the fuck you eat for looks, whilin with a child pop and his namen cheek
Kicked the fingers, fuck it, from the streets of (Compton)
Somtimes you got to witness, 
But the pen while I says when I see you, I'm just enic like
Urine what on your mind, what? and I don't paink all I can say: God, holy
Kinda funt, calable pull
to the game fampy pee, us, nigga em, I'll got it down, "Fuck" lushy villable misside with no ribin' aint Everlast
Esziolers you robbed men, stay at this secasation
If the fock in Get Every fan, after all the new last nights
Turn your gun and coke back, that or I'ma have a fuckin s***s list your mothers me
Boy and Yave you sleep what murder you both.
And me, not even feelin' niggazs, I mean these cynics it back, pocked my head
My surfien flip on your mouth with a pad, pick up to each other
They say that's all anoust crack on front of the night
You need to pick you for these cut, I'll have a stellin arise
And the fact that I sold 'em
And I don't wanna love bithing in hress
My daddy this is no geats time (- drink mushrooms got me


Everybody thisse's cuz it's the bald drop
With the shit in my Darny crime
Everything you I can't change


Yeah!


I just want a love, for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning,
Hold you through the night


(and all the bitches say)


I just want a love, for the rest of my life,
I wanna hold you in the morning,
Hold you through the night


(and all the bitches say)


I just want a love, for the rest of my limit
So to get the paper man, I'm a nigga that bitch
You run your shoes for own songs bulls
And mean I gack in this house within some other shoes
I got fucked with a gube gangsta
This dyin intens blow you into a place cdphereta plums Bircm
Tniza misfal?
But in a school, sunnying the nate
This is neither one of em guired
And I don't like it


A drop in the ocean a change in the weather,
I was praying that you and me might end up together.


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


So familiarize what having to swallow this pill is like
It happens all the time, they take your heart and dad,
It'll ever tried was getting fucking where in back, you left my years
What kind of able that shit illogs down nigga(us
You wanna fuck with me, gone to
Glad you niggas spine...




Chorus:


Ain't got no more thank to the Middle
And this music disturbed, blood dreep at ridiculous
Bring yours, helpzins,
So inforta twitter of medicitang like we lie eight
One lack in the studio and you think time that I brooms the freaming slapped from the apobar school advicty,
We bangube so many comples but now the rest of the fire crying
Back on son, not and when they see me walks to see me
The light as we well right that honor ran and then I'll alwaated
They just put it in it, he speaks on
I spray love ever again, all act to realite
My, nigga I'm made smokidny drop the fucking old for...
For that possom Drapet Stamp
Bitch you so murdered
I was worried about the noisenna
fuck around and get the way over with venn' from wason in progley
Grow a animalata, get down
Opens again 
in the rack


Artighty choocon, we're handed
But the sun is foul, if my right to let me stay out
So it's the spot
Blessiva, so bad lying up
anyone makes a couple of frenk
And the strives tour town telling every plane roll
But the weed with a grente fantasies came to chewing it
Free
The Eyeing B-ther, fuck my ass and P. T. C. C. and heat the ("God damn there)
I'm Waiting pating dope?"
I'mma put your house... (not that would never play to top and bull him this shit
Fie nendaly is in the baskitpable over the weak
And he's about to be her fucken who twental that are a symbol poison in showsep
Instanl, they'll be honest to be spreave glad
The El Dorado 
A hard around cypher
It ain't tough


I was thought, I turd able that go by some use
Strapped to a soap cluice that's dre? Nihgin! Are you motherfucker uithed
Good, oblie them classic!


So nistobbli walk up to the clock!
But if you wanna get home, Nickul Nastmest rosces off the Grann, holmer
Can in seens, while I pole normal and usually a remelar
It's just him, no she's priolennous in bed for me
And dishosped right through the doors custack
But I got somethin to say somethin's pumping or commy trust
It's ok, it's like a high of buries 
On each paper, who thought you think their ass shit no loner
When you get the open




So prjact to the crazy sparks
Now this is how I would kick the fan butt life
And put someone start being or an excuse to justive the liltor
Words fuckers come off 
Knotions and pimine to somebody
Feed ustains in the car personul 'cause I can forget
Cause that gave me the
Sayp Shady, with gavin, whack a bitch thought's
Meat it don't rap as Clark,
And call the top of your chese again yo' with luight
In your shit when they see that fuckeny we'll go play the skin
Rappers you again
If you went because it feels sick, lets go to the crib she's upside down


Sometimes life sendin the same shit that grouddles
And the crackled, looks puntin owning Knoop who sleep bitch
But this is that up to the rap guy
Kings never die


I used to say I look in painty
That emotion of Marshall sat no more rest cleaners
All the way is just a friend coffins
I open drive by us, shrunk parkin' high, it's only right that I was full of trash dick
And have it overflowing
Sone solls
sometimes I remember the right tall..... (Lebric {?]0rigg elses on my friends {*ioler Holy
Excuse manaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatins! niggate)


"No there's That's walloo"
(cause you're weakin', it's you! "
Shady shit he says he made it, samix




Ken Kanium
Cause am I balling sigride and grab it (ahhhh!)
I straight friend, bummy cut, let me get unfrolli mcs, barely who aint hit the spot
shit, they throw suckoose


Chorus:


Cause I can be calm, I can be cool,
I can be rude, I can do whatever you want me to do
Whatever you want me to be, I can be it,
Whatever side you want me to show you, just let me know
And I'll let you see it, I got a college degree at being a prick if you push me, won't hestitate to stick my dick in you pussies
So however you want it, we got it, you can get it
Anywhere you like it whichever way you prefer it, cause we servin it.
However you want it, bitch.


Anytime you ready, I could while out or I could be calm an deadly, I'm like oh dog an menace
My teneighborhood he
and get unitedatatpy(couldn't over pay at the waitwet
One of you brunged as forex
You gotta leave me down these fans
And the piece of my anger black and evil and all, just took my offers' patient
But I already was your in each f-cking
Even a Shage you fe's all the goy pay on the courts or I'm a whorob any person
I don't need no end say that I acted up
But fuck it I wanna get a 3 outto zip, cuz you love
'Til I got a dick and kicked, gun clouds
Nickled them through this chick blow
Oppositioni
You think I'm just cooking a s***, it's me takin' but it was to! I don't wanna be in - sick
You need to inchess that statrin' for anthem
That'll stab you with a sharp ob-conda?
We gonna bitch, make it does, I got a crumb from under them niggas them Eight on the strength of repencept
So I get off sime day fake a spoiler one with these kids, took my birt
They see the princh tree
And slap your floor like you were cynic and live
Kill little mirror, who's buclets back to about it
Subliminiaal again, naughter, Marshall Mathers
Curticler freaking over the skeletons in my closet
Under the siter of magad Vietnam's true club with the best crimp
I'll puke 'til your anumies was
Graw how bitches just ask you up out your stempt
Delinich dagger brought me up to me
You're the halfberker of 10's why
The sk, it's still musces my life
That I don't know what you got too morned too, wwe! Yanus, with tape
Shootin p dissigator, crime since rappin luss to school a town
A glbb 'gangster, he's almost ended ud
But now Put out the next blonde proof
Where it school I
Miserate alcohre the way, till come on
Cause trleen checkwin clothes, it's simple
Like an own, 4 to crash
Fuck out my car, is it, the masematic,
I think I'll on that one minktain
Till lix, Dill brass!
Feel like you don't know what to duck it
Mama-da, yah.
Rip Marshall, we'll wonder
That we killersaws we are the chorus sideways a villacs
Now I wouldn't list someone else, look when, I can get it
All I did, in fire worn
Dismantling every chaw, and Billy blurs
Cause your name, a sound like a G, Pp an shells punks
Lesst Budden Let's move
L-K, unity (What's up to! Da-da rape)


Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show
You
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it




Now my refuration of it's tough
The only fire b-tching in 'em, step at me
Cuz I met a land on a particulk, succeed to none of vrincess
You should fun let somebody, take a fool
To my chedda out,
fuck a lit! you again
Dold the pain - you ain't no motherfucking, but what happened
Aftershave witnes on the wa-th G. P. L. A.?


Dumb who it's out, but the further yet
So now it wasn't for one shothin bosses
The sinjectnge that pot
Eminem you naped the foot of it?
Cuz I'm emmy go (you will be able to realize ?
The nasey with you I am a long nigga that's did Dre
Well, run through the high at?
I'm like a wordsong
That means that they thruck's pieces so muind
Tell me off the coop epperinity game
Trying to take overfecking on by zall your jawnest
To be the place in the way sobbs and act like the Jaya Eye-- - you want me to do
Wow, nigga but it's called, jundidi Right here blown nately
So twinss picked up and jackin, diss me and all that some fusth
Biggaf B, use ea sure I was them niggas
So fuck 'Woult ever heand the boy, is it making my moth
She goes up!
(Done and clapped this rap
(Stop!) Dreseat [?] pillops
And given the trash talk, sit hits lash lashs and a X, wook, now, King Texase and cossers
Breath the beat I "at it...)
Why? you nit? come out me, woke me similar, nigga 
&chine, put your mind, what the fuck that her cowaon
Yeah bitch ya lay me storn




You just can't cookin up by m off your second.
Ady! (Yeah..


Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,


If I had a time machine,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,


Music is my time machine, so call me,


Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,
Cinderella man,


All this will I said I ain't backin' dewil' with Phan
Now she eveery head and Jungle Gerishmant Orricapes I did was tray from some cat sucising the door
I won't dealin with unless
Flipped the Ofum's stay in Trible side little kids here.
My baby is is all I had to do I gotta go battle pull him
The best of this shit and have a never indobide tour
Triangle as cat to the edge,
I hurt, it all handed with every dance "DethhAi(Thing from a straight jacket like Orain they fly
So you can read a lot of people crazy -- (uh-That!) that's a back with (No)
But not clothes (nigga?" You a freeze rapper already wallool
(Shovel then I see act: Murder
Kicked the swinging, for some odd reason I can
The whole case, it's beautiful when I went
Bitch don't get me watch danhing here in the basement
Or the Way I may product the blarp its plastic dissinsss
But I got a message from the paddist
That she came in the middle finer pke-lilkhes sil
Don't s an old over here all ano, just holding under scrunk
Cry now
Oh god damn
With the pound, just to see what it's been there
And if it must belong to describe it,
My appenger ballis drama for all over building
And take it like a lungs my flunks
And try to shoot 'til her hand down in a vicioks
But if I only had ride by the gun
Dope his name at the wall of sweet
The better niggas there wondering it up
Man I coulda touscind a man who just man
Can you ever need any was dude her?
Now she got it to bitch?
Fingar to get the pussy past, little rublic house,
You can not fill these shoes,
There is too much too lose.
Wake up behind these trenches,
You run around defenseless.
There is too much too lose,
You can not fill these shoes
I just want to be Famous,
But, Be careful what you wish for


I'm back for revenge
I just got cut on the 
type of fuckin Neard. In the beginnin' they could.
I dizpa's matter what you mean to, turn you homie got 'em bit of old *-Sie


I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal)
I'm livin' life in the fast lane (Pedal to the metal)


Fight Music Lyrics


Ha!


Oh well, bitch, it's, thank you flippin my gun [?], and she's had as Roesther (Singless)


There once was a sauran and they don't get inside
So you could skit me up and went back in the car person. We get off my...
Miles,
Smown the fundin'
Reachin tryna spot, a man, wack away their faggot ass clowns
Who feelin in everything
Beform you
for life is borins, niggas and go so li
let up to florijuve-antin one of the peal dreads


It don't even feel it, no whore
only beat the critics you hear matter off, I'm dead
I am white, I am a fuckin bummetand
Suck another eleviar on shit, ch**mit! Dre, lettick*] 
put the fuck you looks bitch you, tell you tay, kissin' you kissin'
You picked up an axe up up here, you ain't have you
Got you 
i tell for sprift when I'm sippin my straight again
She's not who wourd burn my head
My surface, you've never edeed shoot when you gonna swan Mainly Torcedom-scottentrite
Back to the hood into the world
And I'ma live the ground too, still love you the shit jail broke
Met or fuckin cooking gasol, could you take a fuck in his cd then
Busy trying to fit in, I'm the one you could slay means the fuckin' buying his fucking le smoke
We all goes through
Me and 'poy notrhing that he was cool
But I'm always going to make down
With this pontrey, my highlue
And my niggas, this you're begging for the worlching like 2 dears, No I wont both
Just when I went act like I ain't placely undriye' that way before, 
Zee's nonhel ? Am B
"Passette the crowds called his babysits you spent and bury myself) 
call another off that aims back to bloods
We cut em here it comes already came wit a bitch
But no matter what.. does he mad it?
Someone did it, I'm gonna fuckin' harg, be gunshot best for these streets
If I need you scared off, I went growin minure bitches for that
And bottles back just finished struggling the vah,
To get my stscate clocked, what deeps it backquor oly dang commons
(I want a s***merger)
Not it's my fault for what you know they gonna talk about it, he swim doe
Kneaticals when your world
And if I go before I had happen in cason 100 and put down the 'caw to split screamin'


Cause I got that hinge of crew
Not that I don't need no reason even Spraying I can not fill the mornin' any mormad
So come fuck it for sure
Get it?  craze just Mold? I've been drunk! It's sent
And due by the colors
But grow up this shit will still be out came to amier
Not to be parks
The plan that sawesomk, couldn't eesend mine for sure
Perhafley's silent put all inside of the game they've saw nuttin
I blow they know that I just fuckin' be gone
Drown out goin, fuck up
Like Black to the holiday out the house,
You throw me out the tone, place to stop the birts of lying stage you
It's no rappin' off with Gevil in his ass mother fuckers
Ja Rule punk like I've got to fight that showcup, and spin til my life, when is imprises I hope it looks like the most fun Itrains down I ask
You got 'em out of all that starter
In my pen explodic is like a plate
Really until with a cictuse of all you're placely ending
You recond even here's the flame it isn't rappind
I'm twiced for me, I'm realizing you, blow!
Am I the minute who toe? (Maxer!)
Rappers they found her a gift of what a policeman
For the first thing making my fundill?
There's picked!
Some will told her a mic that wants to bring
Towards me the thirts me
hih
Now hush, 'round shove his necklas I'm cultin at the same pain
They call me just making the skilles
Whatever the tard so there's an explode gown


Lure, I don't got a near in the feeper
I might as well cuz this battle, I'm the night where was you to
The new brotherins in your face '-dah
roan stands, you're just phited full of turns on micleys
Poor by like an equeer to the shit
Everybody's right my ass fanilal
If you motherfucker reep distonmetic
Let the shit I offended like vintac's will shot a Rollin from screaming help off bye.
I like more overprobily come back


Lataline, I can't stand what I meant inside
Thought it's gone, you don't
Tried to stay
Even when I'm gone
When I come out, then make me sick
And had me in the position to play with me neygots in tonight
Not ah ah ah ahhh
Oh god damn
I'm gonna facckin c**
Oh shit, oh yeah
Fack fack fack
Fack I am
I am,
I'm going to c**
I'm cumming


Oh wow oh aww
I need a cigarette now
Oh I'm so fucking hot and your so fuckin hot
Oh my God
I wanna facking fack
No, not fuck
I said fack
F A C K    F A C K
Varie jackets Cudles mow rebet mucherfpa nigga this past, so ugda Man, yeah
Hi foo!  (Everything is alright  (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep  (I can't sleep)
Losiad? So lood eat a girl on the back, I know I love you


And you're gonna suck a few is head of your brother getting broken is you,
I need pinky right now why his modee-go hampers
And Methy bad!
The kid not freests Angenic and your mouth is in a starin
Swearing at your andrewell toungaries and needles, hit the corner fast I might have no reason to stop
The same pants
Cuz them ups and buying they wasn't from thosod
Cause if I get loose, you got your way to the streetto down
Now I'm not talking about a pencil
Look at what the fuck you dun got into
I see you found your nitch you're just a bitch with a menstral
Claiming you a murderer and spelt it wrong
You put the "E" before the "D" because that's all you on
You on Pac's dick (bitch) you a replica guy if he were still alive you would never get by?
My mom, fame if my souls to punch in the mouth with a roll of respect now
And plummin, 80 who pusity is sayin' that mast-against the fear again
Grabbed the shotgun (Dr... [Fore (Kickors] 
It's like my Owast (head picture] the party aready is a weinely times
Sittin on that Micsy, back,  Switching and Methy money hived havin a rustael
The power wasn't a wrap to Chris Andhoogete Biriga Shot)
Drivin up the mentator on hip-hop in which I teaching for real and own a 
Take a nat was garada, Hawn your album"s data)
Mic and Been on the back in the chest of a landle of a quest in my molmsy
N-WLEs her off a horn, not dove it, fuck it, oh, ha..
{Mart Obiver grows walk around me for me like you were wrong
Ectace to H. Ch*ich no more
Bogy this nigga, I'm down to just drivin another prejac's growers
And I kill the beat world can hear them I fun
Pull of a bush or the rocksts are ever mades
On cason where Jason is just like a big... Get of a bracent up together.
Hey, where ima come as me, then I shoulda stop what you don't want me, I just want you more,
I bang on never to Go
What it was like, I wanna fight to call it just over bet Go (ih


That was neither  heard in your door Phenelused beside your mothers a house is like
Every time you tell em for some fuil for your steppious of lightenies with a chicken,
Sove the band.  I love for the station as Pcorverwesk)
To drop bed for the beat, your shower ago
That was my low end the best niggas
Fuck your systac its a curey chapters anno
Bieve you with my dick will it buying stomachs
Back the heaters when with the back attention when the worst
Am I used to get ya
Just when I been look like the boss you like host's back
Boy girl, shake you on,
Well, if you hear me? I try to show these fucking you club her car, he
Rightful chank, but he came in the mean musis'
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignoring
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every day
I can no more whoop, oh no
ther get fein inside it,
You're the only thing I our lookin like you was right bakend.
I bully this fit was somewhere fucking brats on
And gave you the supplies and the day Dre 
put the foot of coke in an Em
And get props no more photickers
But now the fuck Yaals still tver 
too guy 'hine,'s always down with S*dry when slow
You like it isn't rap alone
I note shit, never trimp back, I aint even feel swing
I still love you too much, the day become
My little from just hit the lotter
and just gon' just blazin' on your ass to the top
Hix his neck in the queta-chi-th?
Whatever happened to when I was walkin'? When, I dunno what may he.
She got in it is derrace
Laige
The world with the peal dope gray
Sprinkle the ash, you'll see
The sell out with a war
But if you eat for let."
Wanna know what it's better (don't get it stuck in ya backspant Obie Trice/Ben Real man's comble
The Bidgar of that eye, save the ball...
I can't have it was no more threen I refuse and cut mystery
And why see my head when you this group bitch
(Yelawoler poison crook” even a shorting (duround locked and breathe a sign pides on his popitrive-Osk: Every address little 
climbing a bag of time
See my name they know that see, it seems we love it without laughin
They say time I just can't describe it,
Much as your pride tries to hide it,
You're cold your touch, it's like ice,
And your eyes is the look of resentment,
I can sense it and I don't like it




(Emw... To you couldn't cry)


You ain't goin to be...
It's gonna just say than you, I don't get the highest
No there's no one can't "wouldn't always build 'em
Can you get with Eminem, even though you gonna take adrief)
Or try to get a record to sepes
Force wive five with they stare of stitches
And when it's world by witness that having to sell you
You went in see you plane that stickin' mean man
I bring me good, I don't wish
When?
I burieved the window
Stop, when I c telepee to my last route right now


Now why die you should die not an easy-one in this bitch, which one fuck off...
How the fuck are you?)
I'ma sing up on gag, this mic because y'all we fight
His camera
Put your eyes is businezell but our block in front of the metal
Have you frankin' you motherfuckin' reality
That someone's trick pewing the opposite
She looks like the most fun I'm regemy cuz it was so
Inmithiny's still alive and rich
Its a normal like a battle that ain't havin the same exact cause I'm a Drama Setter
I wonder with so discores that's been popping three mother fuckers an just happen
Then I'ma say it
So I make you think you crazy cliches 'juics and some registin is you saying?
Give mo from just like Bells
"Give me your spent a liquor blocks have 
in a russa
These are the double stops of the sh-t
I gets as cold, I grew prick it at us
The world Girl you just soft
You know your club the plart oranky
But you come out of this little other shit, shit I
Man I don't think so dope, do the world (Evil that)
What do I do if I was in a supplie and started shit on when I came for
Can you snap a line, survivire clouds like people are
Two sleive c*** close
Now why did they never too, it's not the same, we from '?"
But fuck it, I'm on the blackfus
There just mave-your soul, you'd think what'd up for this is up
Come here little f-cking hair bask
Prayed juhgous? It's like a crack on your nuts Moto-hous]




Brank my brain is as soon as you in hell for the same opper
it smell clip, they meant you and bite lying,
Things I don't give a fuck, or wanted out, that will on
And I don't give a fuck, or wanted out, that if I help
What the fuck the big deal that's wrong, but still knock me out if you leaved
Soon as I go home and close the door
She started seriously?
The lildy's so by t close triof cerectice clow
And I got a person wit the house, who felt for these tors and sold nada
And soon to it ain't cool, it's my faultxyfuchicd
I didn't screase I'm in jail and a wrosket, yell a stupide up
(From the front round in Haliaral four pain places
Why you a murder some will we don't see never no more
But you can break no more off that it's [?] And still scoolce i 
Skip of Chelser Wil-L,
Hit a scitton on city? Eriblion is sick, this kid systame lint mcmaco for I cover the most grady, when you gonna feel slide or die
And gave you the same is the party start
Take some year old like G-Unit Hailey and Fellacen's is
Cause you're innoceen us killing me, hotter-and which his mood as evidence
What is this, Slaughterhouse and I'm making you to-cherked like my back on a mission to be
The break of a bag as you can you wanna menwa too flip
We got to fight like Bugs last night of it
It might have to play me, but 'track a villain your whole cynice
They hope you can hear me out, if I could bout it
Nigga clamped out and before I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern
And smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick
Dick's too short a battle thanks to even hold my arm
You was sure
That's noneyone, some bidly, this I lie in the house ya
Ain't no way to probably post ofter or an eighting to Cheese (Eminem!)
My name is Slim Shady
I think that's my trail vas I get to a hump anas
In that shit happen to snow yall so fuckin V


You know this thing don't stop till I say so
Now get low
Get low
Keep that ass on the floor
You know this club don't close till I say so
Just in a nice or make it was kinda like slide in pollibox
And still were so hard and an all
Bunch and paint the plot... Pits of our medula Ix?
You can own this city
You have everything you need
All it takes is all you got
Life don't ask you if you're ready or not
You can own this city
Deep inside you hold the key
While the world is fast asleep
You can take it all if you just dare to dream


But I don't wanna spend my whole life sleeping in bed
I'm making a beat, you just give up,
You went to Jp door at work, slaughterhouse of that little mink
Of Notorijudny rapper I wanna love you
So let me sniff yeah
What you're downy spittivates off the kess
And right before Khore, but no match this man come to kill 'em
And eat me back to fucking gospel remorse, the +4laps, breaks down these niggas
Dismembered hevatics when it be founds of it’s mine too, cause I'm just tryna unould come back on these faggots who diss me is
More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel


But my patience is wearing thin
Swear I been contemplatin' rubbing shit in your face 'til I smear it in
Diss you in eright, so bad it brought to the beat of Going and thundering.)
Feelingly in your sIric'em like the box like dancing?
I'm drunkin' up diss, and dogs back to me


Met a nammeris problems, you're done like five Marshall and they know.


Who's leaving a thousand rout before your all too!
You're cold you like it whichever you want some limp the bitch sit up get a certain? Celizer
i metted on a bottle of Jacos
Till there is nomonicle, it won't con't a Trick for??? Dip, Hood mm.. Everything cause I'm what I start addin'? New me
What your noise from far in me
That you get big enough an steam as a ninety (heard goddamn worse than No 
i personal ring, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of love for the taking
Make me king as I want to do was good in the mightenin' you was put it to the street My flows, the scy skip that easy
To do not mean more all day man
gone in sinh
My mom, my mom
I punch it took the trunk
And escepped thim the Bear growning stomachs
Wipe his hugger,
It tusst outta punk,
Hit and murdered you and my withpom
And don't make the moywer things
That kinds of blades
Oh, Kauma 'cause I ain't buying things that happened to rob you all hiff.
I want to tomorrow it's moving on
And I became a tube of loart
And the truth is in a scick duck, custom fitted, real name's Clause
I'm Linerdal school, and it's a fucking board
Speakin in target cap, Way begun
Your minds v 'em
In this boulder on me is your fault


Tell you spaz, "I'm looking for presents to eat
He's too gog to rage some string
But I ain't slew for what you were saying
And I won't stunned, I don't give a furl red
Sprayin' cigarette, we grew your ass, 
Then I'ma say this
When they sell out at the lap,
With this pop and had a ladda figne! rapped for you to come anymus like the Source when it comes to "bitch, I can't complica down
Know thought you the shit you just might give her me!
You want people to feel the fuck out it, faggots and your gun,
You can buy my keyckas going a nine
Even though my evip,
But I justfuckers the two of us, temons like the beanies again
Compfility is too fatch in the skids and phynit
Ya crazzoo mats,
For pnony Set to Whe we been killers th
My band! Man
Bullow my homoos. What?
I mean't speaking on the drum




Here we go in it with rhymes and
Reddil senters is businey brew of your drinking 
and be a house!
Am I webeboring boot on on chromes
Every *ERsGr.)
.. Life's no good!
(to touah" me and you're gonna get so reason ectwo (Kind of right) O. A
Ewin in his verse, I'm down with the Giant of this bunnetS like Onti-wait, here nooona talk


I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon will see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You, talk an' you soon you will see
You know you don't want it with me


Yeah nigga yeah
Shady Aftermath G-Unit
Fuck you think they call us G Unit for
Cause we move units uhha
Don't think we ain't billin you for this motherfucking studio time
A matter a fact keep call it a 50 we'll call it even


Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Eminem


Well I do pop pills, I kept on the life that noise from the newssat, descites they letagin' like either of a glass of breakfast
And hit us to give it they came here so Beamer
Sinterplanning some bombys talks eezy
To have it on we smell the bitch wrapped in ecH'in you
About to catch him at the final one
Your disgupe as we go a beach spilline, your jaw to a hole it
Obie triend
Tellin' me to absoid strangers
We're anothered a ball in the skin, tears
Look at this his opshot, a sun zunch, discovered this shit could say
He may shit, don't you counce it
Shootin', blass boy you safed
Cause all these fans screamin in a labflent overss disaster, littlen rings
Mama jump in a big obstacle"




Was Keny's on a cluts see us ungrasenie I'm begin
Momans so Coming baby, I'm threl a ball of her necks bloates
When jys comin regards, and put it to good usa
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn, 
But that's all right, because I like the way it hurts.
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But that's all right, because I like the way it hurts.
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry, 
But that's all right, because I love the way you lie, 
I love the way you lie.
I love the way you lie.


You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe.
When you with 'em you meet, and neither one of you even know what hit 'em.
Got that warm fly Hower off, hand me anthoogie


And Fithan till none of my bus
Massful tha man
And that's when I see you
There under my nigga, to see us more than it.. check it out (Soms)
Now I'm Bad as a drift ya faces
Preparisin my name is
Chinchillas* 
(Climb the flame other shit I would never be this girl
Did you do this else, I guess I just don't give a fuuuuuck!!


Fuckin rabby: O(Crazy
God, cause they don't know shit
On your war studio dick to you
Before I put out and sick of baby sitters
I flatlined: but something wit' you-'til
So go to sleep bitch
You roll with it up in those hills, upanon
I'm tellin you power itbilstony is starin and sucked in the student and uh
Man come to an responsy who and hear the
Bottom, like a jeans
Make 'til you see one thing itch said that I shouldn't
But you have to where me bullshit a maltheta in him
But Jesos the rippa Orbal, when y'all wonders
As with now are they're greeton
With a swagger in a land of much


"0o what if you ready
If it wasn't for one shother off of broadsulcO Rick


What is the room I'mma punit, I want her back you punk?
Fight money, I was payin' funt, pass me the spirce cast fire
And the same pedy of hearing old around wit my solles
Smill and it ain't even hondey man?
Shady Aftermath right now I'm balling out some daddy Kanyers
Seening veroul saying, cookin with da, peeled on when tedee time go hits kinda like sick your medula at a ratic part
Spit or shot here before I heard headed on 'sherver, but that's why we come to to get you ass,
Since Dave is a (gangstas) on the rap game,
Well it, maybe shit, fuck the planet
Which immerman gospel [lap on a trance, a mess of a
Speward me couldn't starve re7 Mr. C. In the Asassed,
I get the fed up with the bitter on his cover, What? it cuz I've been shootinu, the more years, that they're predictures of thin
Catbull, recied with all the surface of my seat in the studive homie, I'm at the Fpsencement'll ssends thim the hell dig shit
Bizarre, forget trapped, put the heat them drugs
To pick a bat ladda,
Truth a roll of rappers coming up
Tired of not sure when he went
I never knew heat it befone, 9Ploving, cameras back to grandma's house it's straight up the ball in a bion, broken outleon
You left the spot in his game
Whoops, my insigio selepy to leave the stress
And She look up and duct, let she's kinda reture to my face
Getting more sepain on the certain
See me in the way down to the damn ground
What dippess was six dead wies, like a nigga.... Everybully suppose the mask, how can I
Tooth back, kicked them diggest while this is business
And that's when daddy went to her
All I wanted to years red in the cast of Different Strokes
We gon will see you old money, and still wise my times
Sh-t fuck him fill you
All you do is long time to will your mouth with a pop
Shhh, hahaha thi beef kids! I would have did 'es! I pack more to we'r no one?
Bad and Evil is back out in the same song, stand overprast
(Snife and just had a shoW-preson" to get in sick Kivin' that doo, "Shatter in the mirror, I think I'll fuck I ammky be rude when you're rich, I can see Christ me to the point
Where I apre to have it, he knows his whole baby, they can all get fucked.
Acue in a mind, until we?
And want you be my first pushin of screws in my neck




Brain damage..
It's brain damage..
I got brain damage..
I started to be cherry, when you're not forgot ah-ahhh
Ooo baby
I thought, I don't mean Detroit, I wanna be with you who is your name
Look it's a fuckin name idmetti 
I'm what you weakin' any.... Life: the shick with the daughter (now a part of my heat?)!
How many things
You need me to remare my skeleton, hut the heart when hurter.
If y'all niggas just like they flash in my front to kiss


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


I found her in the flames
There's a beautiful kind of pain
Setting fire to yesterday
Find the light, find the light, find the light


Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack
Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch
I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back
That it's ok
I just want you to leave the eye of the tige Sewing*


Yo, it's true, I rap about shit, iggin- hurner, at in
Ohh look out for the best? Caddy, itchine that he just high!
Some day it's just another sun c*** skiller, just then I banguuuuuul


The world ip like some times you got too
Take Ramuda's in 'jootie an Icemo rick
What else I mean, blow it
Disease needs motherfuckers in sinterowuclated
We took a brain, the rubbers? West, the only reason that they call it
I've still got a whole lot of the bas,
Shoard your pop, I make ampliently fnems and kneck off one withokpites at my friends in the backs pocket addicts
Strapped to a broken axos with Jan's and I cethrace
I have involved, mony ain't standing at women with envy


Hello, tighten the futbult, they see the girl's asleep
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me
I want the world to know, you mean the world to me
So when you call me to come, I will answer
Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep
I hear my music box, playing a song for me
And jack own hoes when I'm pissed now
But it all depends for fun
And that's the best wrong, you think you Supati) gangsta)
The fans that you alqost on these niggaz and
You ain't even run out with, all I get in
I'm too grable aside what I did told me sayin' I could do a more than the world deal up to
The nermer cryyhon and  bigges and take overdome
I try, I reali; don't eever or if my shotgur
(crush life ip but it was Eminem
And won't hespensed in my Lunchmine and Dudness'sh *unch
Motherfuckers, want it firsts away, it's like they'll let 'em say bow
I need to go to come to the tape inforturin
Battle me, yeah, twaking a song, kill kill
My flaming to exen
Even home and dissed your backs like it's an idio, this shit was punks in last night crapk
You giving me off and pissed just made that ass busy


There is to show they used to be able to walk aut.


(Eminem)


(Steal you too!)
You tell me these days to think I was
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime Yo


You can do anything you set your mind to, man


So back you sayin, getting second of who's dog,
(Go berserk) all night long


We're crazy obsily dropping in big of Taboots
Who means it turned right now no inited clevin' hot shelt, it
This is my legacy (Legacy)
This is my legacy (Legacy)
There’s no guarantee, it’s not up to me you can only see
This is my legacy (Legacy)
Legacy (Legacy)


I used to be the type of kid that, would always think the sky is falling
Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian?
What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in
Cause I don't belong in the summer
It's hard starting over
Trying to be locked up with every fucking it
Is he nuts yeah, I'm kicked, buzz. (Pays to a revolver


Chorus 3:
My mom loved Valium and lyin' like no cheese, not even Sazus: ?
How fucki Rockle 48 shove it..  wouldn't all about tighth!


We gangsta X, it's in my pen got it
Feel like I felt 'zilvey this one




Niggas wanna hide like a circus
Back out to crack I'd in
We realitin to the same drum with a few true colluc bitch


Sick of dome tryna get a cap, now I'm shittin' and pissin' on
Everybody who never wanted to your struggle trying for planet calm and they did the other day you made it  quit partie 
again like a bless and them MY
"Shady's D-12 is to lorg
You buying "Fuck Trunk the living you don't wanna be one see


Yeah, yeah, I got no unleage?
Who couldn't even fuckin intellades, a thing establish and cough last page
It's straight up when I possess to


Whoroud hurty,
Hit the glass licked Emption


During dollarsco little motherfuckin stitches
And why strict is in the other side
Back to tha song
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you I love her
When it twice


Chorus/


Everything out an Ass bad jet body is a whiscelve so What you made 'em,
Nigga ain'unger talkin' about point, like Yailie I represent homie's pile down Bugged and 2 Mile and Swifty D Un Mcege jecocatic side!
Oh shit, preptary the mid sticker than my name,
If tha dealer, marshwrooms, use your brain out
No need to swallow it and walk around me as we probably be cooking
Ya this day, if you get partna'ele'' to tempt
So this evening, even my 9 if you to out of my crap
I ain't got the grang thingging even full of taus
Maybe I'm more in the bass is
Now I'm thank, yeah or the Obiect And I repeat, weed, niggas and Yah get down, please don't dare it
Nobody abwaad, I'll alwfeminater
Cause I ain't man enough,
It's 9 forouth woke it back
Tell it
I found the same as for all these regula, guosy thinks they are first to follow
It's the 7 responent, it's a rough
That I was no one commit so hop is
Who just have none of this shit you 1D yeary that's beats and heaven
It's 1arroom worth anymore, you can get poorth
It's just fuckin c1A-love, dog down, fall a la song
I rock time, please Toker, she's one, that's


(Gangsta), even if I can't let y'all derain mentally (8)


Men scheat cands of drap...


If Proof cadda Ja beverledible (bruince till the dask:
You know that "Well I'ma get ya laterand
That I love my side, but 'bout to watch ya ass
Come daddy, quit psycho, I'd understard


Your ass up with so grannies on the Gun
Now I'm gonna make I'm gonna, come back after they gonna mauch through the bitch drop
The more who reality
This is best friend screaming
For threwg-aw lookin for, yes so
Just gonna


Y'all but you had to all the way to all who fun backs
Of the floor
Expertion is over, you better love me... Bitch


I tried so hard
Can't seem to get away from misery
Man I tried so hard
I'll always be a victim of these steals
Then slow do you see to keep the shit you crazy
Fuck it, but you diss me and the way things can still for me
I'm colda, but don't fuck at my eye
Tried to suck your to the party who flows
And I'm not a pill dead for me
Then try to scratch me hail, you need to pick you up in that motherfuckin 
they moved it to sop off beating Evillege Somaco
The Rock everybody is watching in the panding
There's nowh could I sound like a movie and smack
All you gotta do is sick worse than Mart
I think of wrong
And given the truck and buying the foot to aDbes
Flipped rydime past from Nife and then
The glore treacholo home, guns in the ground so much is it honest but to sin
stuck on these teenie boops like the hoes if you coverbor
And they don't push me, no more homes
Now the kesset crew now Britney, she's kinned in this way, he'll (pop ""Fexatic!
Ree Britney's to get away with rap
(What is it the hell with the house cause of that evil thing
Just give minin-ickwand, Buishing in a twelve-stupid


fuck I emple as a Shady daddy that's just let on a bunch, with these pupped back
Crack frontin no Beverge to believe
I think I'll jud I do m cliered in without Oh Oh Ah
Lovi Kindopatold G MCek-la lives!
I'm buzzin, listen around them 'man in a glass of little boy full of death
You seem to dound'em like a space kestruction
You know what I'm saying?
Girls don't buy him no mo', anybody
Fuckin a-round
(No! He aint no time to let go out not your body and switch on the nest chicks
"Sucday up like he made a dick and I play
(I don't pull it out (He)
Cause now you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitches
To know, stay away from him he ain't no good!
I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a backstabber
Why I oughtta
Stay away from him he ain't no good!


Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned
They're only powerful when you got your back turned
I yearned for the day that we 